Section: Hide Section
Headline: Softball remains winless
Author: Beacon Staff Report
&nbsp;
FIU (4-9) lost each of its four games of the rainy Pepsi Challenge in Tucson, Ariz. The Golden Panthers first lost to No. 6-ranked Washington (8-0) in a game that was suspended Friday and continued early Saturday morning, then fell to Minnesota (7-0), 2-1, in extra innings.

Against the Huskies, Kristen Rivera's two-run homer gave Washington a 2-0. Amanda Nealer started the contest for FIU. After a 42-minute rain delay, UW scored another run in the third inning and added two more in the fourth when another rainstorm forced the game to be suspended until Saturday morning.

The Huskies put the contest out of reach in the bottom of the sixth inning, scoring three times to force the eight-run mercy rule.

Nealer pitched seven innings against Minnesota, allowing one run on three hits, but FIU managed just one run when Meagan Dontrich scored on a one-out double by Nicole Dubovik in the fifth inning.

Minnesota capitalized on the international tiebreaker rule in the top of the eighth inning off  Kendra Laminack (0-5) then sealed the win. Veronica Roberts drove home the lead run in the top of the inning, before  Gopher pitcher Angie Recknor tallied the win to move to 4-0. She forced three groundouts in the bottom of the eighth.

FIU dropped a pair of games to close out play for the weekend.
Late Saturday, the Golden Panthers (4-11) lost to No. 2-ranked Arizona, 6-3, then dropped the tournament finale to Northwestern, 5-3.
FIU jumped out to a 1-0 lead against Arizona on a first-inning unearned run. Stephanie Wolter led off the game with a double and scored on a two-out error.

The Golden Panthers return to University Park on Feb. 28.

The Wildcats (11-1) overcame four errors on defense with a 15 hit attack. A two-run home run by Jackie Coburn gave Arizona a 2-1 lead in the second inning and UA pushed home another run in the third for a 3-1 advantage.

The Golden Panthers closed the gap to 3-2 in the bottom of the third on an RBI single by Marleah Stapf, but Arizona countered with two runs of their own in the fifth.

FIU grabbed a 3-0 lead against Northwestern (5-3) thanks in part to a two-run homer by Stapf, her third of the year. Freshman pitcher Nicole Barrett, making her first start of the year, allowed just one run on two hits over the first four innings.

But Northwestern struck for four runs on six hits in the sixth inning, highlighted by a game-winning two-run home run by Ashley Crane off FIU losing pitcher Amanda Nealer.


******************************************
******************************************

Section: Hide Section
Headline: Agronomist documents revolutionary hero
Author: Andrea Martini
&nbsp;
The vivid struggle of a nation stained by the loss of innocent blood and the courage of one man who always remained loyal to his ideals come together in "The Agronomist." This interesting documentary, a work-in-progress directed by Jonathan Demme, follows the lives of Jean Dominique, an agronomist turned journalist, and his wife Michelle Montas, who led the efforts for freedom of the press under several oppressive regimes in Haiti. Efforts that lasted for forty years.

The beauty of this documentary lies in the fact that the central issue is not based on politics, although Dominique was heavily involved in this field, but that it shows the persevering spirit of "the agronomist with no land." One does not need to be a foreign affairs expert or a political science major in order to relate to the protagonist and the motives for his actions.

The story begins with Dominique's childhood and later moves on to describe his initial efforts to establish informative radio broadcasting under Francois Duvalier's regime. Radio, which up until that time was allowed for pure entertainment in Haiti, was revolutionized by the new idea of disseminating information to the public. 

Radio Haiti Inter, which Dominique owned, not only introduced the idea of broadcasting in the Creole dialect, but also denounced the violent abuses of the Macoute, Duvalier's personal militia.  

The documentary wonderfully captures the essence of the Haitian people, from the spiritual rituals in Haiti's countryside, to the misery, pain and hopelessness felt by all those who fell victim to the denigrating actions of the dictatorships. 

Actions that also threatened Dominique's life in many ways since he was arrested, beaten, sent into exile twice and eventually, murdered.

Although the documentary does not feature fancy scenes or special effects, its simple format contributes to the realism of the scenes, which undoubtedly stirs a wide variety of the viewer's emotions.

Tears flooded my eyes as I watched the scene where a half-smiling, half-crying Dominique returns to a free Haiti, after six years in exile, to be greeted by a crowd of 60,000 people. Anger kicked in as I watched Dominique's body being retrieved from the radio station.

The story challenges the viewer's ideals and principles, and I walked away appreciating all of the privileges of freedom of speech.  

By the end, one can only admire Dominique's persistence and share his devotion towards freedom for the people who so valiantly pursue it, and who truly deserve it.

  



 





******************************************
******************************************

Section: Arts & Entertainment
Headline: Wildfeeds redefine viewing habits
Author: Jorge Montes / Production Manager
&nbsp;
We live in a unique time, ladies and gentlemen. We have gotten lazy. If something requires too much effort, it's probably not worth doing. And there's no greater example than the evolution of television viewing.

The transition from television viewing in the '50s to modern day watching has made leaps and bounds; constantly changing and evolving with the latest technology. Back when there were three channels, we had no need for a picture-in-picture feature in a VCR that can record one show while you watch another. 

Today, TiVo lets people watch a show from the beginning even if they came into it five minutes. It's all about being "at my convenience."

But what's really disturbing is how "at my convenience" is no longer just in the future, but it can represent the past, too. But we'll get to that in a minute.

Back when TV first became popular, there were no such things as reruns (Remember that good ol' joke in "Back to the Future?" "What's a rerun?"). Once a television show was aired, your chance to watch it was gone. 

When shows were forced to do reruns, like "I Love Lucy" in the weeks before Lucille Ball's real-life pregnancy, they would film bumpers. These bumpers were normally just minute long routines, with a quick gag, before one of the characters would go "Remember that time..." and the wonky "flashback" transition would kick in.

 Fast-forward through time. Reruns became reruns. VCRs showed up and anyone could watch a taped episode whenever they wanted. 

Columbia House and Time-Life made buying old TV shows on tape a possibility. The DVD market recently brought about buying shows in entire season sets. 

Now we've reached a point in history that reminds me of "Spaceballs," ("When will then be now?" "Soon!") where they are able to watch the movie on cassette before it's even been made. Thanks to all the modern technology out there, people are able to not only download and watch episodes of a TV show on their computer at their convenience, but also watch the episodes before they have even aired.

Yes, you read that right. There are people in the world watching TV programs before they've been shown on television. These pre-aired episodes are available online usually a day or two before everyone else watches it courtesy of what is called a "wildfeed."

 Wildfeeds are satellite transmissions of programs sent over special frequencies to local TV networks from their main headquarters, so that the local stations can record them and then re-air the episodes at the appropriate times.

Because these transmissions are unscrambled and "free," people with full-size satellites (or access to them) are able to watch them. 

Most of then just report summaries and spoilers to the internet, but some people record them into video files and offer them online to fellow fans. 

There are entire communities devoted to these livefeeds, particularly for shows with cult followings like "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Star Trek: Enterprise." 

But without commercials, the network gets no money from these pre-aired programs, hurting their ratings. 

It looks like technology is doing away with another media and unless the industry tries to catch up, we may have another group joining the RIAA and MPAA protestings online filesharing. 

And that could have devastating results for computing as we know it. 

In the meantime, I'm gonna go watch every episode of "The Tick" live-action that I downloaded last night.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Arts & Entertainment
Headline: "Destination" sequel joins horror bargain bin
Author: Adriana Pereira
&nbsp;
At the screening of "Final Destination 2," I happened to see a decapitation, eye balls rolling out of sockets, an arm flying off a body, lots of fake blood, some bodies exploding here and there and a nice set of guts bursting out of a stomach. 

I say it with such ease, but then again I grew up in a neighborhood full of boys, so I guess that is why these things have never bothered me. For those of you who are disturbed by the thought, these special effects, and many more just like them, are present throughout the horror sequel.  

The story begins when a random group of commuters on a highway are stopped short of death by a college student who experiences a premonition and foresees a major collision. As can be expected, just minutes after Kimberly Corman, (played by A.J. Cook), causes the uproar, the accident does occur and everyone seems to have escaped death...but have they really?

This is no more than your average teen-geared horror film. Loftier dramatic and philosophical intentions peer through, but when an entire theater is laughing, you know the filmmakers have failed miserably.  

Much like its predecessor, "Final Destination," the plot kicks off with the premonitions of this college student, yet it takes a twist and becomes a fight against death. How can it be stopped? Only one person knows where to find the answer, and this is when the film intertwines with the events and characters of the first movie.  

Clear Rivers, played by Ali Larter, makes a comeback and takes this random group of strangers on a journey against time and death.  

The recurring theme of defeating death's plan and stopping fate would have been a good one but unfortunately, it was not used to its full potential. I would have to agree with my mother in that the movie, for the most part, is what she calls a "paquete" (the Cuban term for "B.S."). 

I must admit, however, that I have never seen such special effects. You can usually tell when the blood is ketchup and the body-head separations are computerized images. But in this case the special effects crew really deserves some credit; they got away with it.  

Creativity can also be accredited to the movie makers for their efforts in finding some innovative twists to the usual and oh-so-predictable scary movie.  

Though classified as a horror movie, I would beg to differ considering the fact that I was cracking up through most of the scenes.  I had some heart-pumping moments during which, no matter how much I would tell myself something was going to happen, I would get a little startled; however, I still found them to be rather amusing.  

Oh and yes, there is a slight hint of romance mixed in with all the gruesomeness. Kimberly is saved from an 18-wheeler truck by a policeman named Thomas Burke, played by Michael Landes, during the highway collision scene.  He then becomes her Romeo in the quest against death. But do not get excited, a kiss on the cheek is all you are going get from this Juliette.  

 "Final Destination 2" ends up on the "just-another-movie" list. I mean, come on, when your time comes to die, it will come and once it is here no one can stop it, not you, not your boyfriend and definitely not Ali Larter.  

If you are curious to know what would happen if "I Know What You Did Last Summer" and "Scary Movie" hooked up and had a baby, then go check this out. If not, go rent that favorite flick one more time and make it yet another Blockbuster night.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Unapproved Reader Submissions
Headline: Scientific Laws in Human Development
Subheadline:  
Author: researcherjanet@yahoo.com
&nbsp;
Latest Edition, Scientific Laws in Human Development. 

Developing Skills in Productive Fields of Interest. 

Do you give positive attention while one is being good? According to Doctor Fitzhough Dodson some learned the only way to receive attention was through inappropriate behavior. As long as one was good one may have been ignored. Some who ignored others when they were good may have felt compelled to give instant focused attention for inappropriate behavior. Misbehavior was therefore attention. Misbehavior became a social life. The person thought the behavior was who they were. Others believed the behavior was who the person was also. The behavior received attention from some in the environment and allied forces producing further teasing for social recognition. While wasting productive time other needs failed to be met causing the need to feed off productive forces. Changing who one became depends upon the process. In the past some thought dictated undesirableness would stop unwanted actions. Authoritarians did not know punishment, which is a behavior recognizer, fools by temporarily suppressing behavior while at the same time giving social and self-recognition causing the behavior to repeat. Punishment is both given and received. Punished behavior repeats acquiring neither goodness or obedience. Recognizing the difference between the behavior and the individual do give the individual attention. Doctor Dodson suggests easily gently distracting offering attention in a new direction redirecting the individual to fun learning activities that let the individual know they are valuable and people care their time is spent valuably, that meet needs, and that lead to productive behavior while applying Extinction Technique by giving zero attention to behaviors one does not wish to be repeated. Recognized productive behavior becomes repeated productive behavior. Generative productive personalities develop. Children's productive behavior is the right to have their educational needs met and be actively engaged in the educational process. Scientific studies by recorded observation of behavior under precise behavior recognition conditions produced the results: Recognized behavior repeats, or to quote the results, "Recognized behavior is repeated behavior." as stated in How to Parent, the beginning of the book saying it is written to mothers, by Doctor Fitzhough Dodson which I read July 1974 and applied. Dr. Dodson also wrote How to Grandparent and How to Father. These scientific facts may not have been available to others and you before so forgive others and yourself for the unchangeable past punishment can not change and focus upon life's qualities being specific and investigative. Make a future. Quoting a homes and gardens magazine, "The best way to quit a bad habit is to substitute it with a good habit." 

Providing fun safe multiple-choice learning experiences for expression in individuality in an environment which is safe to function within develops interest in learning while continual watching and providing for interests extends and expands learning. Extended expanded play learning is Emergent Curriculum in the Early Childhood Education Field. During play children learn to use symbols, written sign verbal pictorial musical constructive language, to communicate. The book One Hundred Languages of Children by Carolyn Edwards is the story of Italy's child development Reggio Emilia Schools. Learning projects at Reggio Emilia are self-discovery projects. The children are free to think through how to construct and measure in their own way. During play the children test their theories. Chapter nine is the true story of a small group of children who draw a life scale dinosaur. The children found a place in the schoolyard large enough to draw a dinosaur. The school provided for the children's access many measuring sticks, 'Rods', for laying side by side showing the precise height and length of the dinosaur. The school spared no rods. The children learned measuring skills used in building societies. The King's foot measurement divided into one dozen makes twelve inches. Cubit rods measure cubits. During projects the teachers engage the children in conversation. Children are inspired to inquisitiveness as a result of the teacher's provocative questions. Projects are displayed at community gatherings giving each child a sense of community. Community observers give recognition of correct principles applied to create each project. Rods used in child education to show quantities are Quizenairy Rods. Each uniform section on the rod is displayed by color. Each consecutive rod is one unit longer. Rods make useful levers. Rods reach under and pull out items a person can not reach. A walking stick is a sturdy rod. Children attain higher principles. 

Two principles of early childhood education are each classroom has three times as many positive free choice learning activities as the number of children and children are free to ask for their needs. Parent participation preschool in my neighborhood had free choice parent directed learning centers with one parent center for every five children. One parent participated one day a week for each child. Increasing good human development bonds neighborhood families and peers and efficiently creates a four day labor week and one family and community day. Quoting Doctor Fitzhough Dodson, "What is the ultimate goal we are working toward in the training of our children? If we reflect deeply on this question, most of us would say that our ultimate goal is to produce an adult who has learned self-regulation, who has learned to exercise his freedom in a responsible way." "A baby's wants are a baby's needs." "Mother is a baby's first social life." "The learner must be in condition to learn." "Give your child a positive model of what he should do." Mother and Father set an example as learning discovery information gatherers. Family members share learning experiences providing all education attention. A baby wants a social skill development learning day. Infancy is the optimum time to learn social skills thus developing social infants. Social infants tend to have their needs met according to scientific studies by recorded observation. People respond to social infants. (The Developing Person by Kathleen Stassen Berger) 

Doctor Fitzhough Dodson believes basic honesty is learned through the appropriate meeting of honest needs as in when one is honestly sleepy and honestly hungry. Messages by the blood stream requesting energy are honest biological messages. Baby's respect for personal property is gained by experiencing having personal property others respect. Children who see material thing meeting people's needs connect material things with meeting needs. My coat meets my needs and your coat meets your needs. Children who have their needs met are not busy doing that which is undesirable. Providing places for children to place their needs assures children their material needs are ready and waiting for them when needed. Baby sees others meeting needs and matures into the desire to meet needs also. Respect includes the owner's personal power over decisions to share including consideration and respect to the givers of gifts. When the choice is theirs to make children enjoy sharing. All children need their needs met at all times. (We do also.) 

My self-regulating infants slept when their bodies needed sleep. Since my infants had interesting active days they slept well at night. During the day they were free to nap. Toddlers wake up hungry for Break/Fast after early A.M. sleeping. Meals and snacks follow naturally. Studies show when a healthy variety of foods are placed upon the table in serving bowls family style children always choose a balanced diet. There are so many healthy choices in the variety of all good foods no one need ever take what one does not like. By choice I have developed a taste for sauerkraut. By experience sauerkraut was a food I had never heard of until junior high. My daughter in her highchair while I was feeding her Campbell's Vegetable Beef Soup ejected every pea. In two months she was eating peas with pleasure. Is it possible she was eating peas with pleasure because I did not force her to eat them? My personal choice of entertainment, reading, and activities being ecological non-fiction I saw the need to educate my children in the difference between non-fiction and fiction the first time they were exposed to fiction entertainment. 

Since I could only clean wherever I was at wherever I was at was clean. Stepping out of bed the covers went up, dressing one item in the bath was cleaned, walking down the hall the beds were made, and rising up from breakfast the dishes were washed and kitchen cleaned. After relaxing in the afternoon the floors were done. The work was always already done. When I spent my time with the children the house stayed clean. We were actively involved in fun discovery and skill building. Education by experience was direct attentive communication by personal attention or wonderful education filled classroom lectures like circle time and college classes, sing along language skill development, learning projects, free choice positive learning experiences, reading good books, and playground social skills development health education. Reggio Emilia's idea of education also includes community and family social dining. Living the Scientific Laws of Human Development meant we could dine with the results of royalty having our typical lunch experience. I reply, "In 'government for the people, by the people, and of the people' everyone is royalty." Art and spatial relationships classes at college taught me principles of construction, space, design, and perception for skills in creativity. All these principles are repeatable science. The classes are fun. I loved my college classes and believe college has great value. While holding my small baby in my arms I thought of his future. I decided to give him opportunities to learn how to think by enriching his young life with daily valuable opportunities for learning. Personal knowledge would qualify him to choose how to care for people and the earth. Intelligence is applying one's profession to meeting the needs of the people. Raising him filled with the intelligence to know how to choose to apply professional services to serve others the best was my goal. Family fusion, productive energy resulting from family unity, bonds families. Extinct family fission, energy released as a result of family division. People experiencing having their needs met because families are united gains support for united families. 

Education is the power to direct one's own life. Self-regulating productive play educated persons develop into productive citizens. The process of meeting needs, which used to be called work, is now Playing Productively. Self-Governing peoples form a democracy. Democracy Occurs. World Democracy is National Defense. Peaceful nations is National Defense. National defense is Peaceful World Democracy. We have inherited the great gift of freedom and liberty. Preservation of freedom and liberty assures our future and the future of all. We are the light of Democracy before the world. 

Good human development brings freedom and liberty. Wrong human development is loss of liberty. One survival cure used in the past in distant places for rebellious reaction to being told what not to do was living in silence. One may feel rejected when one does not know they are in an environment where silence is being practiced. Whether silence is a cure or just preferred now that I know when others prefer silence because their personal selection of quality living is in the reading material they have chosen to add value to the moment I can join them with adding quality to the moment with my own chosen selection of valuable written material. When the mind is filled others enjoy words of value. People travel great distances to listen to learned people talk. Clean living peoples enhance our earth's vitality restoring and nurturing a clean planet. Homes, where good human development develops clean living citizens whose behavior does not need restricting by high energy prices, bring progress toward alternative energy. Workers in oil producing nations are learning skills to advance their nation into higher skilled higher paid services. Citizen's playing productively needs will be met. Good behavior raises the market. The market out competes gas and oil for a profit. Here is the way. The work is ahead. Please keep market coolness, pay everything, and profit take. Please prevent jumping the market causing an investor to interfere with work and mail to buy in low for the next ride up. Scientific advancements in Human Development raise the market every day. There are many stock markets in the world. 

Good human development develops self-controlled functioning upon knowledge. Wrong human development is exterior dictating resulting in the need for exterior support. To make a living on wrong human development there must be a drawing a circle around a person of exterior controlled what not to dos. The wrong human developers expect enforcers, as themselves, to be paid enforcing what not to dos. The person with the circle of what not to dos drawn around them becomes a slave of doing what not to dos for attention. Everyone becomes a slave to support what not to dos. For those trapped in outdated professions while crying for the world to continue earning a living on wrong human development they or others sometimes convince people good human development and wrong human development are reversed. One solution is new careers in helping office, field, and home-based professions adapt to people's true needs. A word of wisdom, "Avoid the appearance of evil." since punish-mental persons seeing opportunities of evil may believe someone needs controlling. 

A point on top of the ear indicated holding onto the top of the ear behavior management but they grew up to be men with a great deal of power. In the story of Brer Bear, and Brer Fox, and Brer Rabbit, Brer Rabbit was stuck in the tar baby. Brer Bear and Brer Fox were thinking of what to do with Brer Rabbit since they had made the tar baby to catch Brer Rabbit. Brer Rabbit said, "Please, don't throw me in the briar patch." Brer Bear and Brer Fox threw Brer Rabbit in the briar patch. Brer Rabbit jumped up and down and said, "I told you not to throw me in the briar patch. The Briar Patch is my home." A caught con wants the protection of thick walls where all his needs are met for the length of time society will be angry. Where does a con not want you to throw him? Society wants to be free from the con not knowing how to meet his needs appropriately. Everyone is happy so the process is not punishment other than being with everyone else society is angry at however a con is in joint company while innocent persons are not but does it develop people into meeting needs appropriately? 

Good behavior develops mentally and physically healthy people. Doctors and nurses earn a living being leaders in mental and physical health and curing those who profit by wrong human development and communism since what they made a living on is outdated prehuman development. Your health, not your unhealth, will be rewarding to the Doctor and nurse. The Doctor and nurse need you as well as you needing them so once you are healthy do remember the entire medical profession and all supporting fields still need to make a living. It is your turn to make them feel loved. Freeing people from past captivities is worthy employment. Hiring a lawyer with success in accomplishing right gives co-security for the right since you have the right to offer the lawyer while the other might have the wrong to offer. Lawyers help the balance in society of rebelliousness counteracting obeying a dictator the amount of rebelliousness in society being equal to the amount of dictating. Being caught in the trap is not necessary for those who do not practice dictating or being dictated unto. Many successful companies have their own insurance department. Intelligence adds value to the environment and the economy. Developed productive persons may be taught through fables defense against obedient enslavement to exterior commands and orders by punished no-self-control requesting the exterior control they were raised upon manipulators and their motives to gain go power by feeding untruth for others to function upon believing others are wrong to be so naive. Wrongdoing does not feed itself. If something needs exterior support is there wrong doing which must be feed by exterior support? Exterior support causes pollution. Productivity is fun. People who tell you what not to do may be rebellious themselves and while you are not picking up your baby and holding your baby their not picking up their baby and holding their baby is imagination. I listened to my baby and let such advice sail off in the wind. With the help of carriers and snuggles holders my baby was always with me. My baby was so positively directed active holding him became treasured moments. Clean safe places for the crawler to explore while being carefully watched develops the brain and body. Goal focusing keeps Toddlers going in a positive direction. Climbing is a toddler stage that can be easily provided for by many happy moments of climbing up and sliding down. Children's physical activity educates the brain in how fast the body is growing helping develop coordination the brain appreciating the goodness physical activity gives to the body. The arms growing longer than the brain knows results in a glass of milk being pushed over before the hand can clasp the glass. Cups with handles are useful during growth spurts. Raising the level of average is how to get ahead without leaving others behind. The best human developers served in many lands accomplishing goal oriented human development around the world. Human development knowledge is catching up with world progress. We know behavior that supports life. 

Man are meadow makers when "The more edge the better around a meadow for the wildlife to go in and out of the forest safely to graze on grass the sunlight can reach." Rule changes rectangle clear cuts from ugly useless patches to useful functions within the forests providing meadows. Grazing causes Native American grasses to thrive. 

The Land of Milk and Honey (Bible) which is now desert with intelligent planning again returns to Lands of Milk and Honey. Shawna my American River Biology Teacher said, "Deserts repel rain, and trees and plants attract rain." Deserts, I believe are not natural earth habitats but man made literal ruins from ancient civilizations. Where deserts are today were man's natural places upon the earth were man fit into the ecosystem. Planting one tree in the middle will not turn deserts back into Milk and Honey Lands but Suburban and Urban Forests (Magazine Urban Forests) begin around the rim and grow inward. Soil is a mixture of sand, clay, and humus. Many deserts already have the sand. Lizards make good pets and adapt to nature centers. Ground burrowers aerate and fertilize soil, and build underground rivers allowing rainwater to absorb rather than striking the top of hard unpenetrable ground carrying off topsoil. Quality feeding ground burrowers is a valuable contribution to nature. Before deserts repelled moisture causing it to rain on Noah's mountain and flood down into the valley mists watered the earth at night. Melting snow mist crystals flow into streams. Man has advanced his knowledge of caring for the earth. More permanent roads may not be needed since we will be free to have alternative air transport, most populations live along waterways, and home life will be enjoyable and productive. My high school Biology teacher taught our class about wind factors. When one is driving 55 miles an hour in still air a 55 mile an hour wind is blowing on the front of the car. Capturing the wind in wind tunnels containing many small whirling pinwheels keeps electricity going to the battery of an electric car, boat, or airplane. Extending the length of the vehicle the wind tunnels leave clean air in back. My children being positively directed I was never afraid of their being perpetual motion. Being free to move as a result of their good behavior they enjoyed still activities. 

Science is all known measurable or related truths and newly revealed truths in the search for truth. The eighth edition of Science and Technology McGraw-Hill Encyclopedia defines science as, "The study of nature and natural phenomena." Scientists categorize truth and those categories are called sciences. The first sentence of many books is "This is the science of . . ." The rule of science is, "All science is Repeatable." For newly discovered results to be presented as science to the scientific community a scientist must establish a written formula with written step just like a construction plan producing the same results every time just like a construction plan. Scientists have taken all possible combinations of chemical reactions and discovered life does not come from non-life by chemical reactions therefore we do know it is not possible to begin life by any combination of chemical reactions. Scientists can write a formula with all possible combinations of chemical reaction and the results. The formula will always obtain repeatable results of the combination of all possible chemical reactions. Those results are science. Scientists can write a formula with repeatable results that sustain life. We are the receivers of all accumulated knowledge throughout history of how to sustain life. Knowledge keeps developing. We do know time is infinite. Time always was. Was there time without life? Life always was. Life forms complement each other. If your house is clean you are the life form in the house. If your house needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as ants. If your yard is clean you are the life form in the yard. If your yard needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as flies. If you are clean and flies come to your picnic they are just the neighbor's yard cleaners. An old American Indian proverb is life is growing short if one sees an owl face to face. Owls feed on mice cleaners. If the environment supports survival of long winged owls long winged owls will be surviving parents for the next generation. Rotting behavior is not life. Some rotting behavior may believe it can live if people are dirtied and more people are convinced to find a way for rotting behavior to live. The earth is our home. Maintaining our home and our life is our responsibility. Man keeps advancing his knowledge of how to sustain life. I am greatful to all my ancestors for developing the science of sustaining life. The whole natural foods of the earth complement the needs of our body. Scientists use tools called theories in their search for truth. A theory is the question, "Could this be true?" Theories are questions used in the search for answers. 

The children of Jacob felt unloved by others while others were loving the things man made more than they loved Jacob's children. Jacob's children called this love for things man made when the love was greater than love for them the love of idols which they considered a great wrong. Children who feel material things man made are loved more than them begin to destroy idols and their creators as fortold. 

For bad guys going good protection from old associates still expecting bad guy cooperation may be acquired in the future by teamwork in going good anonymous. All a guy needs to say to his old associates is he is a member of going good anonymous and he is free of expectations of being bad and free to be good for a living. Providee positive effect on provider ability to provide may result in possible continued providee provider relationship. 

Families are the soil where people are developed into good students. I did what my mother said because I cared about her. I desired to do what she wanted but did not always understand what she wanted. Once when I was a preschooler she asked me to stay where I was. I did. Since I did I had. In Disney's book "Goofy" Goofy was always trying to do everything by obedience and always messing it up? When he did he was told, "You should have..." He always said, "I'll do that next time." and he did. What he should have done last time never applied to what would accomplish the task the next time but he did. I believe in watching over children always while they are learning to function on their own. Addressing the subject of obedience, what are a two year old's communication skills? Doctor Dodson says "A two year old may not be able to obey the same as a six year old.", and if one is taught the only reason one does or does not do something is because someone says they might not know the other reasons and when the someone who says to or not to is not able to control there is no other reason. Inability to reason results. Inability to reason is the cause of low class. Forced obedience causes rebellion. Forced obedience and rebellion are connected not forces obedience and goodness. Rebellious may accuse any goodness as being the result of obedience. Productivity is power. Power used to support meeting needs is desirable. Power used to tell someone what to do or not do causes lack of ability to reason resulting in inability to survive without exterior support. Inability to reason is given less power in society by giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment causing a division between the classes to determine professions. With less power to tell people what to do or not to do what crossing over their circle of what not to dos deceptive ways are used to gain power to tell people what to do or not to do? How many people do they want power over? What powers have been and are being captured to tell people what to and not to do? The records switching project where the records of the good students were switched with the records of the poor students to see how the teachers grade the following years will be used to learn from to apply objective grading rather than fission families. I was one of those students my report card for the three quarters of the school year after Marysville flooded being filled in with undesirable marks while I was unable to attend school the Yuba City school and schools in the area taking in all the children they could but my birthday being at the end of the year I was low priority. I received an A in Behavior Observations and know how to write objective reports. When in grade school the teacher graded upon number of answers right the grades I was switched with became 100% with dependability. A tall Norseman who I once worked with told me a good work ethic is to maintain a crew work pace working steadily rather than fast. 

The Scientific Laws of Human Development have success at teaching obedience because the obedience teaching is kindly but the results is success in acquiring obedience when no one else is experiencing the same success. Does one want their child to be the only one everyone can get away with dictating to? Power uses discretion in what power supports. Giving obedience gives power. Obedience has been misused by exterior dictators. Dictating is weakness that must be exterior supported. Obedience causes some to fear the rise to power of exterior dictators. I myself know how to develop obedience kindly but teaching people to do what others dictate is not kind. After I had acquired obedience from my child I did not feel we needed to live by dictating. Dictating was not the means used to acquire goodness. I did not use dictating to raise my children. Dictating obedience was not necessary for our actively engaged learning together family. We were actively involved in going to the library, Sea World, the San Diego Zoo, Wild Animal Kingdom, the park, and walking around the neighborhood with the stroller. We spent all day every day playing and reading stories from Disney and the library. I naively taught my child obedience because I believed obedience was a virtue. I was successful. The results may be undesirable for both success and lack of success for a practice based upon dictating. Not needing to dictate I did not need to teach obedience which I learned when my first child was about 18 months old and being self-regulated dictating was unnecessary. The magic word, please, was always appropriate. When he was 10 months old I did not like the bars on his crib and had lowered one side pushing the crib up against a sofa which he could climb out onto and down to the end stepping down onto the floor. Being his first companion I woke the next morning with his gentle fingers raising my eye lid with the eye lashes while he looked into my eye. Kind cooperation is a virtue. Love, the first commandment, is greater than obedience. Once I realized I needed to apologize to my one year old for having taken some bad advice. I thought it may be embarrassing. Contemplating options I could repent and live right next to not being able to face the embarrassment of being wrong and having to living life by the bad advice. I will always be glad I chose to apologize to my one year old. Someone who has done wrong to me has not been able to face the embarrassment so we could live right. Perhaps others are having the same difficulty. 

I can not add obedience to repeatable science. People have intellects and act in intelligent ways. Intelligent actions are best. There is no room in anyone's positively directed educationally engaged life for forced obedience now or in the future. Sometimes others dictate because they have the impression they are right. Chin up visually doing the right thing is sometimes enough to communicate you know best. Dictators never do. Dictators make more dependence on being told what to do supporting the dictator's phony appearances. Does obedience qualify to be a theory? I prefer to teach how to manage educating dictators into supporting themselves. Prevent the appearance of needing controlling. Choosing and doing the right thing is good leadership. When my employer hired me she expected me to know what to do. I had to prepare my own lesson plans and study how to do my job. She refused to do my preparation qualifying me for each day's work. As a result of the record switching project others with the power of refusing to allow me to prepare because they expected her to tell me what to do did not let me do my job. Their idea of education is silence even for preschoolers. My employer did not think silence was education. Education prepares an employee to know how to do their job. 

While to tell others what to do or not to do may not be effective, engaging people in quality activities is effective. If we are effective with some but not all people will start wondering about a division in the classes and may do the equivalent of a record switch. Providing education to meet the needs of each student makes education fulfilling rather than giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment in order to create a division between the classes to determine professions but also creating a division that keeps growing wider. A positive self-concept is everyone's need. Doctors and nurses no longer need to nurse the long line of failure causing a division between the classes used to lower into a life of mindless work. Solutions for the future do not include upside downing history in order to reverse the continually wider division between the classes. Black hats are switched with white hats their qualifications being what they know about while sometimes testing how much authority can get away with, and mental health workers thinking they already know everything anyway using their power to cheat their way through college and to abuse people believing abuse is the power to tell people what to and not to do while saying if they were treated like that they would be crazy therefore everyone is crazy having people join being crazy for profit with a social life. Having been judged in the past they defend for the future by judge-mental ness bate profits. Those who cheat call success idealistic or unrealistic and spend their lives working to teach people the way things really are. Example, "It's the nineties." Those who try very hard and do not succeed may be jealous of people who do succeed. What results from jealousy? Abusers knowing the abused does not know the source of abuse may in kind friendship advise they be paid to take revenge on others in behalf of the abused in order to disable the abuse resulting in the abusers being paid to controllingly abuse others while the abused believes the abuse is not yet disabled and the controlling abusers taking credit for their ruling the lives of others being why people who studied work productively in care and service to others. Some who want to elevate themselves out of menial labor obtain money to pay menial labor with profits on physical repair. Who did it for profit and power? Warning of danger becomes controlling by danger. Freedom is the future course of the world. 

Switching the classes is an invalid solution. The premises for high class deserving to be switched to low class are based upon high class being too high to see other people's problems, based upon the assumption of high class being the result of others being pushed down, based upon false assumptions switching finances switches sanities thus resulting in the definition of finances, based upon false accusation of high class hurting the feelings of low class by having low class manners, and based upon high class knowing not to talk to the inability to reason that people will know how it feels to have people not talk to them either thus attributing not talking to people being based upon finances rather than low class inability to reason and changing whose decision it is not to talk to people unless being paid to talk to people payment also including being bribed. Within the information era the average productive intelligence will be greater than the greatest in history. Educated people are personally qualified to determine how to earn a living meeting people's needs having their own needs and the needs of their family met in return. Our Stewards are our greatest asset in a world changing from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development. Looking at the labor force as a whole with all workers contributing to the needed labor helps show wages increase in all fields for everyone who accomplishes professional adaptation, thus contributing to the economy. The future is a new place. Faith has developed into knowledge and keeps advancing into knowledge of the laws of physics, society development, logic, and reasoning so one can appear to break the laws of physics while actually functioning upon them. Erik Erickson famous child psychologist said at the age of eighty, "Play your whole life." 

Knowing human development protects one from not knowing when one sees or experiences wrong human development. The Bible defines the adversary as "the accuser" or as my mother said, "What they say is what they are." which is the only thing they can make a living on. Accusers may slander to excuse their own behavior claiming revenge and to capture productive energy forcing choices of joining slave people to support behavior that does not support itself or be slaved. What reverse psychology is used by the con to gain being punished into what is wanted for all time as a result of being coldly rejected? How does taking a stand for the right cause an evil soul to burn and say, "You made me burn." in response to objections of being slandered and slaved? Some family members of profiteers who get their needs met by wrong doing gain wealth by sturring up trouble. Those who cry about being abused are accused of reacting which may cause someone to harm back who makes a living on what they are which is fine to them but undesirable to others because their profit system is different which they prefer. If one tells them what you are paying them so much money for will they make sure of it? If people say why workers fled and come to serve will powers of exterior support make sure of it? How are products and services sourced? The goal is developing what they are and say into earning a living. May you be productive and free. Productive Self-Governing Citizens is the goal. But the fruit of the Spirit is Love, Joy, Peace, Kindness, Goodness, Faithfulness, Gentleness, Self-Control, against such there is no law. From verse 22 of 5th Galatians. We need to develop a science of how to develop into productivity influences such as ones who plan to make a secure continual living on wrong human development and gain business by giving bad advice. I work with providers who elevate by educating and providing quality living. Hoping this information brings freedom. While researching I asked a man, "If someone hit you would you work?" He said, "Of course No." Someone who was trying to run people's lives on the basis of his thinking which was invalid reasoning said he has been doing so with everyone else's life before mine which could explain the long recession. Cries of wrong doing bring the response, "He will get his." share. Choosing your own course and sticking with your own course lets people know you choose your path in behalf of others and the earth. 

Biological feedback equipment can detect body functions and transmit discomfort causing one to buy relief eliminating brains putting dictators in power. All energy is convertible to useful energy. Redirect to honest earnings. Discourage stock in over the counter repair and profits from other repair also which may be used to cause further need of repair. Biofeedback equipment can also detect the professor's movements, steal the consciousness off the brains of the students, and lip read as it did during the draft. Not having studied a dictator's thinking has no educational foundation but is propaganda which violates the laws of logic, if-then-therefore, and the laws of reasoning, deductive and inductive, or is not supported by evidence. Example of violations of the laws of logic and reasoning: The conclusion that violates the laws of reasoning, which are stated in chapter one of plane geometry, at the end of paragraph fifty-two of the Unabomber Manifesto is based upon two violations of the laws of logic in the Unabomber Manifesto. We need national defense to support citizens earning an honest living. Combat does not prevent communism but is the cause as in China after the Boxer Rebellion and in Russia after loss of manpower after combat. America has been in a thirty year recession from which America is just coming out. The military need not feel it needs to develop people into needing to be controlled for military job security. Raphael said, "It is easy to get two people sitting next to each other fighting. Someone hits one over the back of the head. He thinks it is the other and hits the other over the head." The more one hits the other over the head the more one is hit over the back of the head because the one hit over the back of the head always thinks it is the other. Is fighting good for wrong human development profiteering businesses the business of war driving the whole world crazy for love of profit and power? Others may win at their own game drawing big powers into the conflict on their side by making the other look in the wrong. Appearing as they really are is covered to a communist who can exterior support phony appearances of innocence and peace. Yes, Communists are wrong human development profiteers, profiting from people living on their own and others' wrong human development by living on support from others. However, reverse logic is not valid logic therefore not proving all wrong human development profiteers to be communist but still living on wrong human development profiteering. What portion of our taxes support wrong human development profiteering? Pet control may be used to convert people to support wrong human development profiteering. What defense does an innocent pet made to look in the wrong have?

If the China military earned a living on world unity the China military could support world unity. If the world militaries earned a living supporting world unity the world militaries could support the China military supporting world unity. Would a military government leader maintain power by sturring up trouble with other military forces in the world? Some military personnel have been using military power to cross over their circle of past exterior controlled what not to dos for the purpose of being supported to dictate. World wrong human development is world military dictatorship. 

As a result of events in biblical recorded history, "And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our sister be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them." we have many keepers of the gate. To quote a keeper of the gate, " I was just trying to turn you into a keeper of the gate." adding the explanation heaven needed a gate keeper. Gate keepers, co-dependent upon wrong human development, how many gate keepers do we need? One wrong human development profiteer communicated he could only make a living on what he deserved.

Education is the foundation for governing, an educated citizenry being qualified to self-govern. Equipment used to bypass studying deletes qualifications to govern. One does not want one who did not study telling anyone what to do. Would military personnel gain job security, fame, and dictatorship by attacking the people while making another peoples look responsible? Does world trade decrease the business of war? Is an act of war good for the business of war? For military power and profits how easy is it to get people from the same country on airplanes? A new department of the reserves adapting military to civilian earnings needs military support by being rewarding. How was the radar over the Pentagon and on top of the world trade buildings functioning? The Doctors both physical and mental will have lots of work curing the elderly and military who profit by communism and profit by supporting the dictatorship side of a conflict as a result of people being attacked by one side of a conflict who makes the other side look like the attacker. Please contract the military to recognize and establish their own good behavior toward citizens of Democracy and developing Democracies though advancing world Democracy closes military bases. World good human development will put the military out of work. The military since their existence is the result of wrong human development may need positive directing by the government of self-governing peoples. 

We need to be managing the military and helping military personnel adapt. Emergency response has already been tried. Emergencies can be created. Peaceful border control needs to continue being in the hand of people who benefit from peace. Protection is developing others into meeting needs productively. Many meet their needs by pity and believe they are doing others a favor by meeting other's needs by pity also causing bawling for a living while coming between one and one's right to earn a living. What does, "Give'em the business." mean? National conflict changing heads of households from men to elderly will not be necessary. Communism thrives by giving bad advice. Elderly who experience their needs are met because families are divided may divide families to meet their needs. Thank you for protecting people from wrong human development advice for supporting militaries, for supporting wrong human development profiteers, for eliminating the competition for quality elderly care, and to fission families into service to them all. Is all abuse and terror good for wrong human development profiteering? Does polluting eliminate the competition? 

Thank you for educating people out of being exterior controlled to prevent too overeducated to become slaves. Elderly care by the community means elderly receive care by the good human community development they have developed and are developing. In the past elderly may have learned to have their needs met in conditions of snowballing wrong human development while these conditions were not good for the rest of society. Please redirect to Democracy Elderly Care. For continued quality elderly care society needs to be strong. Powers for exterior support will no longer count elderly as big power for dictatorship that is supported by the people's labors. The ElderlyAirChairBedBath has air chambers opening and closing over a tussah wash toilet, air chambers that rock the ElderlyAirChairBedBath back and forth like a ball, and air chambers that adjust pressure and position. Modesty is assured with body suits that open in the back accompanied by pull-over or pull-around shorts. My elderly care employer loved caring for elderly as though they were dolls in a doll house. 

Since the constitution places the people over the military not the military over the people as citizens we need to manage a military containing some air force personnel using military power and time to work in behalf of their God who they plan to come and tell everyone what to do with the help of the military the military attacking people's brains making limitations that people will loose their freedom to wrong human development profiteers helping tell people what to do also, some people being told to attack other people's brains that others can receive the same financial reward system by living on the people. Is it safe in the air? Biofeedback equipment used to steal the consciousness off people's brains leaves the population defenseless to a dictator's inability to reason, the inability to reason used as power to control to wrong. Having brains is the legal definition of life. No one wants to be a robot. For the inability to logic and reason to attempt to seduce others into joining them brains may have been attacked first. The night of the hits I dreamed one form with many faces said, "We proved we have the power to hit. Now you have to do whatever we say." If one lets them control the plane, where will it go? Since power is their goal doing what they say gives them power. Dictators have not studied. If they had they would know better. Do those who develop thieves expect to be exterior supported? Is the leader of thieves a thief? Was national defense stolen by thieves for their defense and applied to the power of thieves? When around the corner within walking distance the sermon after the attack was about how the terror attack was driving people to God and they hoped we did not need too many more of these things before people turned to God I knew the predator ate the shepherd and his wife the medical attendant was feeding on the flock abused bodies medical profiteers masterminding terror and war for a profit. The attack was holy terror dictatorship that needs to be exterior supported. Predators among the flock may jointly think it is all just a con to get people to be good, however, the flock was gathered and founded upon teachings which are good society development and good human development, therefore, people are good. As a child I was greatful to my flock and thought others were greatful to their flock as I was greatful to my mother and they were greatful to their's. I thought it was all just non-monopoly. Greed may count upon other's greed joining in. Predators among the flocks may cause wrongdoing between the flocks to destroy. Productive creative human development is heaven on earth and heaven in the future. Are they afraid to come out and work the only thing they can make a living on being to drive society crazy? A lay minister may be a wrong human development profiteer. Where was the sermon we went to hear? Dictatorship is based upon violations of the laws of intelligent thought processes. Punish-mental persons setting others up to be accused my give dictators power over workers acquiring labor to support telling peoples what to and not to do. Telling people what to and not to do does not support itself. Men who are warriors may be supported instead of supporting leaving the work to the woman and others. Raphael said, "When white man came to America they found woman doing all the work and thought they could improve on a system like that." and "Treat a tramp like a lady and treat a lady like a tramp." Raphael also said, "I hate self-righteous people." Intelligence is slandered when F grades are switched to A grades resulting in wrong thinking it is right and people saying intelligence is dangerous. The F grade thinking it is right is a dictator needing to be freed from bossing people. Good looking dictators may be used by powers of exterior support because good looking is supposed to be able to get away with bossing. An F grade may mess up thought processes with intent. Function on an education, not on what an F grade says. Education functions. The amount of punish-mental ness is equal to the amount of need for war profits. How is punish-mental ness used to fuel war? Have punish-mental people made punishment look like suicide in the past? Can punishment be made to look like suicide bombing? Does people being harmed while going after a suspect embarrass some out of going after the real guilty party? 

The King's job was to protect his kingdom. Not being naive was a requirement for his job. A king had to know his sociology. The king had to see to all the needs of his people. Being king was not a job for complacency or dictating. If being king began to look like exterior support or dictating to people in his kingdom who he allowed hunger for exterior support and dictating, exterior supported dictatorship, he lost his job and his kingdom. Some Military personnel may be trapped by unconsciousness into the only way they can have their needs met. Rasputin may have been already needing exterior physical electrical processes support. If the Czar's relatives and Czararina Alexandria had scientific knowledge we have today they may have been able to give Rasputin life and protected by adjusting exterior enforcements thus permitting plus teaching others to meet their needs productively. We may all have our own Rasputins controlling by unconsciousness who can live without personal physical energy processes better than anyone else while living for attention and be working on solutions. The more exterior what not to dos they are given the more exterior support they need. Exterior what not to dos and exterior support are attention and can be mistaken for love. At school one child punched another child in the tummy and then threw himself down kicking and screaming as if he was the one punched. Was I supposed to accuse the other person? A false prophet is one prophesying the results of their own punishing. A genius whose contribution is valuable to the world is exempt from the draft. All science is repeatable. The scientific method applied may acquire results you may publish of your own. Wrong human development profiteering may make more profits than most anyone else but takes value out of currency. 

Professional Adaptation Education from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development needed. One wrong human development major minored in adaptation to good human development. Hopefully in the future there will be a law requiring alternative sources of income for wrong human development profiteers. Forever innocence investigated forever is forever pay. Professional adaptation causes less competition for people living on wrong human development. What can be done for the policeman who is mad at innocence because what will he do for money? Professional Adaptation Please. Protect your child from being turned into a wrong human development profiteer by wrong human development profiteers because your child is good. A separate interested party seeing to the future of children that does not earn a living on wrong human development is needed. 


Futurentology. 

Scientific Peace Formula. 

Quality Parenting and Teaching equals Democracy. Researcher Janet Hartwick. Thank You for GREAT SERVICE ! ! ! Thank You Minute Women and Minute Men. Intellectual Materials Copyright. My Testimony in Peace Parenting Written 1996 and Published, updated. 

Prosperity spread through many lands during a time of great depression as a result of the people being taught the teachings of their three great prophets Abraham teaching one God, Moses teaching the ten commandments, and Jesus teaching the first and second great commandments 'Thou salt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it. Thou salt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the laws of the prophets.' by Mohammad who joined a camel caravan at the age of fourteen. How easy is it for the anti-Christ to get two peoples who believe in the teachings of Jesus fighting? 


Wrong human development profiteers accusing and gaining prey by the legal process, sometimes holding court, and eating the results is cannibalism. Cannibals hate "self-righteous" people and accuse the other before being accused especially when having done something wrong. What does a cannibal call winning? What does friends and popularity mean to a cannibal? How does a cannibal play on people's good intentions? How does a cannibal play on people's obedience and duty to job? Would they choose a thief for their leader? Whose profit system is harming people? Is a cannibal in love with being crazy for profit with a social life? One person's complaint of being abused while the abuser was pointing a finger at her and calling her crazy received the response the abuser's family was in the mental health business and they could only make a living on what they were winning at what they were better than anyone else their considering her sanity a hard nut to crack. While they are inflicting people with their inability to reason, they are willing to be paid to give the cure to see things their way by forcing people to talk to the inability to reason. The opening Pandora's box look of "Let them do anything they want?" excuse for punishing indicates lack of leadership, lack of supervision, lack of providing positive choices of things to be doing, lack of providing, lack of providing and being good companionship, and lack of education in enjoying the good things in life. Does an extended related family member of mental health profiteers joining a religion and making a phony marriage unwanted by the bride who was engaged when she did not want to be as a result of hearing herself say yes against her wishes to his, "This is your last chance. Will you marry me?" with a two night honeymoon of falling asleep watching him sit in an easy chair in a dark room with the light of the T.V. facing him reflect his shape preceding fainting regularly after having the flue for over a month to come to, to see him come through the room door bare-chested holding a plunger, that was alibied with darling artificially inseminated children acquired by standing on one's head while assuming for four years he came home at night not being able to wait up till midnight for another year his not being there when she awoke during the four years and deceiving the people into opening Pandora's box to control a person out of real marriage where she learned microscopic does not always mean not seen upon sight with years of not having the flue after years of having the flue back into a phony marriage but really into twenty-four hour three hundred and sixty-five day a year live-in elderly care eliminate the competition for elderly care, Sunday the day of rest, in behalf of dictatorship? Since the person pulling the phony marriage after presenting himself as being single is already married and can not marry again, the single person they pull a phony marriage upon is married without the other person being married to them. Asking to prove a phony marriage may result in revengeful wild accusations. Another purpose for pulling a phony marriage may have been to make marriage look like exterior control abuse making doing right look like the result of exterior control abuse and doing wrong looking better than wrongful abuse to change wrong to right making doing wrong look justified. Revenge upon people who do not believe in harming people or doing revenge is harming without being harmed back. Pulling a phony marriage upon descendants of Abraham because Abraham's Grandson Jacob had two wives, Rachel and Leah, for revenge upon plural marriage is upon people of a different time and different circumstances. When Raphael said it was a fact that he hated his mother I did not know he belonged to a group of motherhood hater mental health profiteers seeking power. Not being judge-mental because one sees their own wrong doing does not mean people are judge-mental because they are innocent. Having knowledge in behavior management, a husband does not need to be so afraid of behavior he keeps his wife in bed every day by placing his fingers on her pressure points while she sleeps or if caught sprinkles dehydrated rattle snake venom on her bed sheets. Communism and religion do not mix. Democracy elderly care is good for the people. Let's lead and provide. Discipline discipl(in)e , meaning disciple of, is being positively engaged in enriching activities. Mary the mother of Baby Jesus was artificially inseminated other babies of artificial insemination not being alone. 

This script is sent to you without request for purse. Anyone asking for purse may be fueling wrong behavior. Raising the market may attract the notice of wrong human development profiteers placing themselves in your hands the hands of professional adaptation rather than you in theirs for a living. Anyone calling saying they represent me, it is not true but representatives of the records switchers seeking financing for highly expensive constant moral physical financial and spiritual abuse to drive workers to live in elderly service. Warnings have turned to promises of physical abuse to support the medical profession living on taxes to support communism and to support people needing money to pay the medical profession by working for communists, slander and slave, being slandered and abused out of other work, and turned to spiritual dictating by suspected threat of abuse to back-seat drive people's lives . Feel free to generate upon any of my work. Do give all sources credit. Permission to Copy, Publish, and Broadcast. 

Where there abused bodies medical profiteers in the Donner Party resulting in the Donner Party being trapped at Donner Summit? Please check the descendants of the Donner Party that settled below the snow line in California. How are they profitting? The related extended family members of military psychiatrist Dr. Hamm and his former wife of Woodside Way Auburn California have given and plan to give me the business following me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings evil spiriting harm. One can tell a cheating spirit because it will disagree with the text book. The related family members of their friend Mr. Cook were there too. If one says to a suspected spiritual dictator who would not be sitting there watching them working in a place of productivity other than they knew the worker would be there that perhaps he does not like strangers telling him what to do so he can see how others do not like strangers telling them what to do the dictator may dictate he was talked to for someone to say this and dictate the person is not allowed to talk to people. Another person following the worker to the place of productivity and conducting a booming conversation with someone equally not working may complain he was talked to when the worker suggests another place to carry on loud conversations. Are they giving others the business also? Did they bring with them the person who was angry at people in eastern USA. Did the military follow me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings spiritually dictating, robbing my time, and leaving signs of physical abuse? Did descendents of the Donner Party follow me by military transport? The military is over twenty percent of the nation's pollution. Early in the 1980's Susan Sweet said, "In 1984 the pigs will take over the world." Susan Sweet also said, "I love to hate." I did not know what she meant. In 1984 calling to make an order with the food co-op Susan started I told her I had helped my nieces and nephews move to the city of Vacaville California where their father could be closer to work instead of continuing to make a long commute. I also told her we had gone to family fishing day at Folsom Lake. Since I had been placed in the care of a sick abusive person as a child I told Susan I had made sure my children were in good care and others might be advised to be sure of the same. Did Susan Sweet override my caution? Did Susan cause the pigs to take over the world? The imposter may be a pig. No one will believe or knows how to address a military pilot formerly of closed Mather Air Force Base who is angry Democracy closed his base down and has abused me for the last ten years by military power because my profession is good human development which results in Democracy is the real Terrorist and succeeded in terror bringing in war profits to support him and his life style and others who live his life style but please prevent him from further acts of terror. I have been abused and if I am abused by him for his profits and others who join him for profits who else are they abusing military war games not needing to play both sides having real Democracy to play spiritual and physical war upon? Please disconnect power of the military over the labor force to reveal exterior supported phony appearances supporting exterior supported phony appearances. I have been followed by wrong human development profiteers. Please protect me and others from abuse and terror by war profiteers. Their acts of terror really did result in war. How much more terror to bring in war profits does he need? The military living on communism instead of being successful fighting communism, they will live on terror instead of being successful fighting terror giving the appearance of fighting terror to cause terror. Please protect the nations in the future from terror to stur up war thus causing loss of man power which causes communism which supports militaries. Were the terrorists seduced by the dark side? Is immorality nothing more than wanting attention, attention being mistaken for love and having needs met? While walking past Dr. Hamm's house on my way to college when his second son walked up to me and said he had touched everyone and everything in a marital way and everyone else was doing it also so would I do it with him I was naive to think people could stop him since they would not want him to touch him. I said I heard touching a frog gives warts. He also said his father knows the only reason people are nice is because they have alterior motives. He said marriage was only selfish female security. Did he think by his extended related family members pulling phony marriage to destroy marriage that then people would want to touch him? Touching everyone and everything in a marital way or wrongful abuse to change wrong to right may be the only two options they see for themselves 

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Arts & Entertainment
Headline: Drum Circle adds rhythm to museum events
Author: Isis Iglesias
&nbsp;
Continuing its Wednesday after Hours series, the Art Museum at FIU presented the West African community drum circle last week. 

The event was the idea of Carol Foster, associate director of the museum, who likes to play the African drum herself and thought it would be a great way to usher in Black History Month.    

The organizers of the event borrowed and gathered as many drums as they could and set them out in a big circle on the courtyard in front of the Museum.  

Three professional drummers, (Jan Sebon, Saidou Camara and James Mader), dressed in traditional African garb played for almost two hours.  

The leaders laid out the cadence and those who wanted to join in followed along in one of the many drums provided.  

The sound of beating drums that was coming from the front of the PC building drew students from all around; many of them sat on the steps watching the event, grateful for a break in their routines. 

The mixed gathering was comprised of those who came for the event and many passers-by who just joined in.  

One young woman played a large standing drum while still wearing her rollerblades.  

Others, young and old, got into the tapping of the conga and bongo drums with much relish.

The response to the drumming was primal. Some of the spectators even started dancing. The music created by the drummers sounded quite good, especially considering that the majority of them were novices to the art.

Jon Sebon encouraged those playing by telling them that everyone had rhythm; the beat of the heart. 

He told them that the vibrations of the drum were good for the body and that they should just relax, smile and enjoy it. 

Sebon has been drumming since he was a young man in Haiti and has been studying West African drumming for seven years. 

He teaches the drums to students in  local public schools. 

Many of those attracted to the event were drummers themselves. Daniel Schooner, FIU student and drummer, said he really enjoyed the event. Psychology major Mathew Porter said he came out because he saw the flyers and loves to play the drums.     

In an environment where students are often stressed by the hustle and bustle of classes, studying and work, many seemed immensely relieved to be letting all their concerns go in a moment of sharing and fun.  

The event was organized by Gonzalo Adrian Battaglia, the museum's Education Curator. He was pleased by the turnout and amazed by the reaction of those present.  

Students kept asking him when the next drum circle was going to be. Battaglia said he would definitely consider having a drum circle again since so many students seemed to appreciate and like it. 

Check out upcoming events in the Wednesday After Hours series by  calling (305) 348-2890 for more information.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Arts & Entertainment
Headline: Lorca's intense drama gets FIU treatment
Author: Krystal Alvarez
&nbsp;
The despair of failure has always been the subject of books, plays and movies, but the torture of hope is hardly ever the premise for any of these. 

In Federico Garcia Lorca's "Yerma," currently playing at the Wertheim Performing Arts Center and directed by Phillip M. Church, the despair of living for a dream that will never come true is a cruel joke. A woman who lives, marries and labors for a future child does not understand why she still does not have one. She spends her days longing for a man whom she loves and cursing the husband who will not give her children. The reality of her own infertility drives her to madness in a hope shattering ending. 

Perhaps to understand the complexity of the play and its issues it is necessary to view the playwright's time period. Lorca lived in Spain in the early 20th century when speaking about a woman's pregnancy was deemed inappropriate. 

Discussing sex, and everything that comes along with it, was not thought to be a particularly tasteful thing to do. Throughout "Yerma" there are various references to sex and pregnancy (without actually saying the words) which are quickly hushed. 

Yerma's constant references to respect in the household, honor and communal approval indicate the more important ideals upheld in this society. Yerma can never hold these ideals because her longing for a child obstructs every aspect of her life, including her social duties as a wife and as a woman. 

Although the ideas treated in the play were indeed complex, all the actors in FIU's production were able to integrate the feeling of happiness from the community and the feeling of despair emanating from Yerma (played by Jennifer Rumberger) and her husband Juan (played by Ramon Veunus). 

 The anger and loss of faith was escalating from beginning to end. Unfortunately, as the players all scatter across the theatre performing their different chores during the opening scene, late-comers stole attention from the actors. During the rest of the play the stage setting designed by Craig A. Young is superb. Every railing, staircase and balcony is used as stage prop or setting. There is a constant array of townspeople coming in and out of the scenes without there being any distractions.

Also, the lighting crew cannot go unacknowledged. The special effects add to every scene, enhancing the mood. The haunting backgrounds seem to disturb the mind and add a picture along with Yerma's feelings. 

The climactic ending was full of passion and depth. Without the lighting and set being exactly right, the dramatic culmination would not have been as impressive.

"Yerma" is a very spectacular drama, interpreted magnificently by FIU's theatre. It is intellectually engrossing and extremely theatrical. 

There is no doubt that this play is not for an audience looking for a laid-back theatre experience; it's not going to win the feel-good play-of-the-year award, but it is a good play for lovers of intense drama.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Unapproved Reader Submissions
Headline: Scientific Laws in Human Development
Subheadline:  
Author: researcherjanet@yahoo.com
&nbsp;
Latest Edition, Scientific Laws in Human Development. 

Developing Skills in Productive Fields of Interest. 

Do you give positive attention while one is being good? According to Doctor Fitzhough Dodson some learned the only way to receive attention was through inappropriate behavior. As long as one was good one may have been ignored. Some who ignored others when they were good may have felt compelled to give instant focused attention for inappropriate behavior. Misbehavior was therefore attention. Misbehavior became a social life. The person thought the behavior was who they were. Others believed the behavior was who the person was also. The behavior received attention from some in the environment and allied forces producing further teasing for social recognition. While wasting productive time other needs failed to be met causing the need to feed off productive forces. Changing who one became depends upon the process. In the past some thought dictated undesirableness would stop unwanted actions. Authoritarians did not know punishment, which is a behavior recognizer, fools by temporarily suppressing behavior while at the same time giving social and self-recognition causing the behavior to repeat. Punishment is both given and received. Punished behavior repeats acquiring neither goodness or obedience. Recognizing the difference between the behavior and the individual do give the individual attention. Doctor Dodson suggests easily gently distracting offering attention in a new direction redirecting the individual to fun learning activities that let the individual know they are valuable and people care their time is spent valuably, that meet needs, and that lead to productive behavior while applying Extinction Technique by giving zero attention to behaviors one does not wish to be repeated. Recognized productive behavior becomes repeated productive behavior. Generative productive personalities develop. Children's productive behavior is the right to have their educational needs met and be actively engaged in the educational process. Scientific studies by recorded observation of behavior under precise behavior recognition conditions produced the results: Recognized behavior repeats, or to quote the results, "Recognized behavior is repeated behavior." as stated in How to Parent, the beginning of the book saying it is written to mothers, by Doctor Fitzhough Dodson which I read July 1974 and applied. Dr. Dodson also wrote How to Grandparent and How to Father. These scientific facts may not have been available to others and you before so forgive others and yourself for the unchangeable past punishment can not change and focus upon life's qualities being specific and investigative. Make a future. Quoting a homes and gardens magazine, "The best way to quit a bad habit is to substitute it with a good habit." 

Providing fun safe multiple-choice learning experiences for expression in individuality in an environment which is safe to function within develops interest in learning while continual watching and providing for interests extends and expands learning. Extended expanded play learning is Emergent Curriculum in the Early Childhood Education Field. During play children learn to use symbols, written sign verbal pictorial musical constructive language, to communicate. The book One Hundred Languages of Children by Carolyn Edwards is the story of Italy's child development Reggio Emilia Schools. Learning projects at Reggio Emilia are self-discovery projects. The children are free to think through how to construct and measure in their own way. During play the children test their theories. Chapter nine is the true story of a small group of children who draw a life scale dinosaur. The children found a place in the schoolyard large enough to draw a dinosaur. The school provided for the children's access many measuring sticks, 'Rods', for laying side by side showing the precise height and length of the dinosaur. The school spared no rods. The children learned measuring skills used in building societies. The King's foot measurement divided into one dozen makes twelve inches. Cubit rods measure cubits. During projects the teachers engage the children in conversation. Children are inspired to inquisitiveness as a result of the teacher's provocative questions. Projects are displayed at community gatherings giving each child a sense of community. Community observers give recognition of correct principles applied to create each project. Rods used in child education to show quantities are Quizenairy Rods. Each uniform section on the rod is displayed by color. Each consecutive rod is one unit longer. Rods make useful levers. Rods reach under and pull out items a person can not reach. A walking stick is a sturdy rod. Children attain higher principles. 

Two principles of early childhood education are each classroom has three times as many positive free choice learning activities as the number of children and children are free to ask for their needs. Parent participation preschool in my neighborhood had free choice parent directed learning centers with one parent center for every five children. One parent participated one day a week for each child. Increasing good human development bonds neighborhood families and peers and efficiently creates a four day labor week and one family and community day. Quoting Doctor Fitzhough Dodson, "What is the ultimate goal we are working toward in the training of our children? If we reflect deeply on this question, most of us would say that our ultimate goal is to produce an adult who has learned self-regulation, who has learned to exercise his freedom in a responsible way." "A baby's wants are a baby's needs." "Mother is a baby's first social life." "The learner must be in condition to learn." "Give your child a positive model of what he should do." Mother and Father set an example as learning discovery information gatherers. Family members share learning experiences providing all education attention. A baby wants a social skill development learning day. Infancy is the optimum time to learn social skills thus developing social infants. Social infants tend to have their needs met according to scientific studies by recorded observation. People respond to social infants. (The Developing Person by Kathleen Stassen Berger) 

Doctor Fitzhough Dodson believes basic honesty is learned through the appropriate meeting of honest needs as in when one is honestly sleepy and honestly hungry. Messages by the blood stream requesting energy are honest biological messages. Baby's respect for personal property is gained by experiencing having personal property others respect. Children who see material thing meeting people's needs connect material things with meeting needs. My coat meets my needs and your coat meets your needs. Children who have their needs met are not busy doing that which is undesirable. Providing places for children to place their needs assures children their material needs are ready and waiting for them when needed. Baby sees others meeting needs and matures into the desire to meet needs also. Respect includes the owner's personal power over decisions to share including consideration and respect to the givers of gifts. When the choice is theirs to make children enjoy sharing. All children need their needs met at all times. (We do also.) 

My self-regulating infants slept when their bodies needed sleep. Since my infants had interesting active days they slept well at night. During the day they were free to nap. Toddlers wake up hungry for Break/Fast after early A.M. sleeping. Meals and snacks follow naturally. Studies show when a healthy variety of foods are placed upon the table in serving bowls family style children always choose a balanced diet. There are so many healthy choices in the variety of all good foods no one need ever take what one does not like. By choice I have developed a taste for sauerkraut. By experience sauerkraut was a food I had never heard of until junior high. My daughter in her highchair while I was feeding her Campbell's Vegetable Beef Soup ejected every pea. In two months she was eating peas with pleasure. Is it possible she was eating peas with pleasure because I did not force her to eat them? My personal choice of entertainment, reading, and activities being ecological non-fiction I saw the need to educate my children in the difference between non-fiction and fiction the first time they were exposed to fiction entertainment. 

Since I could only clean wherever I was at wherever I was at was clean. Stepping out of bed the covers went up, dressing one item in the bath was cleaned, walking down the hall the beds were made, and rising up from breakfast the dishes were washed and kitchen cleaned. After relaxing in the afternoon the floors were done. The work was always already done. When I spent my time with the children the house stayed clean. We were actively involved in fun discovery and skill building. Education by experience was direct attentive communication by personal attention or wonderful education filled classroom lectures like circle time and college classes, sing along language skill development, learning projects, free choice positive learning experiences, reading good books, and playground social skills development health education. Reggio Emilia's idea of education also includes community and family social dining. Living the Scientific Laws of Human Development meant we could dine with the results of royalty having our typical lunch experience. I reply, "In 'government for the people, by the people, and of the people' everyone is royalty." Art and spatial relationships classes at college taught me principles of construction, space, design, and perception for skills in creativity. All these principles are repeatable science. The classes are fun. I loved my college classes and believe college has great value. While holding my small baby in my arms I thought of his future. I decided to give him opportunities to learn how to think by enriching his young life with daily valuable opportunities for learning. Personal knowledge would qualify him to choose how to care for people and the earth. Intelligence is applying one's profession to meeting the needs of the people. Raising him filled with the intelligence to know how to choose to apply professional services to serve others the best was my goal. Family fusion, productive energy resulting from family unity, bonds families. Extinct family fission, energy released as a result of family division. People experiencing having their needs met because families are united gains support for united families. 

Education is the power to direct one's own life. Self-regulating productive play educated persons develop into productive citizens. The process of meeting needs, which used to be called work, is now Playing Productively. Self-Governing peoples form a democracy. Democracy Occurs. World Democracy is National Defense. Peaceful nations is National Defense. National defense is Peaceful World Democracy. We have inherited the great gift of freedom and liberty. Preservation of freedom and liberty assures our future and the future of all. We are the light of Democracy before the world. 

Good human development brings freedom and liberty. Wrong human development is loss of liberty. One survival cure used in the past in distant places for rebellious reaction to being told what not to do was living in silence. One may feel rejected when one does not know they are in an environment where silence is being practiced. Whether silence is a cure or just preferred now that I know when others prefer silence because their personal selection of quality living is in the reading material they have chosen to add value to the moment I can join them with adding quality to the moment with my own chosen selection of valuable written material. When the mind is filled others enjoy words of value. People travel great distances to listen to learned people talk. Clean living peoples enhance our earth's vitality restoring and nurturing a clean planet. Homes, where good human development develops clean living citizens whose behavior does not need restricting by high energy prices, bring progress toward alternative energy. Workers in oil producing nations are learning skills to advance their nation into higher skilled higher paid services. Citizen's playing productively needs will be met. Good behavior raises the market. The market out competes gas and oil for a profit. Here is the way. The work is ahead. Please keep market coolness, pay everything, and profit take. Please prevent jumping the market causing an investor to interfere with work and mail to buy in low for the next ride up. Scientific advancements in Human Development raise the market every day. There are many stock markets in the world. 

Good human development develops self-controlled functioning upon knowledge. Wrong human development is exterior dictating resulting in the need for exterior support. To make a living on wrong human development there must be a drawing a circle around a person of exterior controlled what not to dos. The wrong human developers expect enforcers, as themselves, to be paid enforcing what not to dos. The person with the circle of what not to dos drawn around them becomes a slave of doing what not to dos for attention. Everyone becomes a slave to support what not to dos. For those trapped in outdated professions while crying for the world to continue earning a living on wrong human development they or others sometimes convince people good human development and wrong human development are reversed. One solution is new careers in helping office, field, and home-based professions adapt to people's true needs. A word of wisdom, "Avoid the appearance of evil." since punish-mental persons seeing opportunities of evil may believe someone needs controlling. 

A point on top of the ear indicated holding onto the top of the ear behavior management but they grew up to be men with a great deal of power. In the story of Brer Bear, and Brer Fox, and Brer Rabbit, Brer Rabbit was stuck in the tar baby. Brer Bear and Brer Fox were thinking of what to do with Brer Rabbit since they had made the tar baby to catch Brer Rabbit. Brer Rabbit said, "Please, don't throw me in the briar patch." Brer Bear and Brer Fox threw Brer Rabbit in the briar patch. Brer Rabbit jumped up and down and said, "I told you not to throw me in the briar patch. The Briar Patch is my home." A caught con wants the protection of thick walls where all his needs are met for the length of time society will be angry. Where does a con not want you to throw him? Society wants to be free from the con not knowing how to meet his needs appropriately. Everyone is happy so the process is not punishment other than being with everyone else society is angry at however a con is in joint company while innocent persons are not but does it develop people into meeting needs appropriately? 

Good behavior develops mentally and physically healthy people. Doctors and nurses earn a living being leaders in mental and physical health and curing those who profit by wrong human development and communism since what they made a living on is outdated prehuman development. Your health, not your unhealth, will be rewarding to the Doctor and nurse. The Doctor and nurse need you as well as you needing them so once you are healthy do remember the entire medical profession and all supporting fields still need to make a living. It is your turn to make them feel loved. Freeing people from past captivities is worthy employment. Hiring a lawyer with success in accomplishing right gives co-security for the right since you have the right to offer the lawyer while the other might have the wrong to offer. Lawyers help the balance in society of rebelliousness counteracting obeying a dictator the amount of rebelliousness in society being equal to the amount of dictating. Being caught in the trap is not necessary for those who do not practice dictating or being dictated unto. Many successful companies have their own insurance department. Intelligence adds value to the environment and the economy. Developed productive persons may be taught through fables defense against obedient enslavement to exterior commands and orders by punished no-self-control requesting the exterior control they were raised upon manipulators and their motives to gain go power by feeding untruth for others to function upon believing others are wrong to be so naive. Wrongdoing does not feed itself. If something needs exterior support is there wrong doing which must be feed by exterior support? Exterior support causes pollution. Productivity is fun. People who tell you what not to do may be rebellious themselves and while you are not picking up your baby and holding your baby their not picking up their baby and holding their baby is imagination. I listened to my baby and let such advice sail off in the wind. With the help of carriers and snuggles holders my baby was always with me. My baby was so positively directed active holding him became treasured moments. Clean safe places for the crawler to explore while being carefully watched develops the brain and body. Goal focusing keeps Toddlers going in a positive direction. Climbing is a toddler stage that can be easily provided for by many happy moments of climbing up and sliding down. Children's physical activity educates the brain in how fast the body is growing helping develop coordination the brain appreciating the goodness physical activity gives to the body. The arms growing longer than the brain knows results in a glass of milk being pushed over before the hand can clasp the glass. Cups with handles are useful during growth spurts. Raising the level of average is how to get ahead without leaving others behind. The best human developers served in many lands accomplishing goal oriented human development around the world. Human development knowledge is catching up with world progress. We know behavior that supports life. 

Man are meadow makers when "The more edge the better around a meadow for the wildlife to go in and out of the forest safely to graze on grass the sunlight can reach." Rule changes rectangle clear cuts from ugly useless patches to useful functions within the forests providing meadows. Grazing causes Native American grasses to thrive. 

The Land of Milk and Honey (Bible) which is now desert with intelligent planning again returns to Lands of Milk and Honey. Shawna my American River Biology Teacher said, "Deserts repel rain, and trees and plants attract rain." Deserts, I believe are not natural earth habitats but man made literal ruins from ancient civilizations. Where deserts are today were man's natural places upon the earth were man fit into the ecosystem. Planting one tree in the middle will not turn deserts back into Milk and Honey Lands but Suburban and Urban Forests (Magazine Urban Forests) begin around the rim and grow inward. Soil is a mixture of sand, clay, and humus. Many deserts already have the sand. Lizards make good pets and adapt to nature centers. Ground burrowers aerate and fertilize soil, and build underground rivers allowing rainwater to absorb rather than striking the top of hard unpenetrable ground carrying off topsoil. Quality feeding ground burrowers is a valuable contribution to nature. Before deserts repelled moisture causing it to rain on Noah's mountain and flood down into the valley mists watered the earth at night. Melting snow mist crystals flow into streams. Man has advanced his knowledge of caring for the earth. More permanent roads may not be needed since we will be free to have alternative air transport, most populations live along waterways, and home life will be enjoyable and productive. My high school Biology teacher taught our class about wind factors. When one is driving 55 miles an hour in still air a 55 mile an hour wind is blowing on the front of the car. Capturing the wind in wind tunnels containing many small whirling pinwheels keeps electricity going to the battery of an electric car, boat, or airplane. Extending the length of the vehicle the wind tunnels leave clean air in back. My children being positively directed I was never afraid of their being perpetual motion. Being free to move as a result of their good behavior they enjoyed still activities. 

Science is all known measurable or related truths and newly revealed truths in the search for truth. The eighth edition of Science and Technology McGraw-Hill Encyclopedia defines science as, "The study of nature and natural phenomena." Scientists categorize truth and those categories are called sciences. The first sentence of many books is "This is the science of . . ." The rule of science is, "All science is Repeatable." For newly discovered results to be presented as science to the scientific community a scientist must establish a written formula with written step just like a construction plan producing the same results every time just like a construction plan. Scientists have taken all possible combinations of chemical reactions and discovered life does not come from non-life by chemical reactions therefore we do know it is not possible to begin life by any combination of chemical reactions. Scientists can write a formula with all possible combinations of chemical reaction and the results. The formula will always obtain repeatable results of the combination of all possible chemical reactions. Those results are science. Scientists can write a formula with repeatable results that sustain life. We are the receivers of all accumulated knowledge throughout history of how to sustain life. Knowledge keeps developing. We do know time is infinite. Time always was. Was there time without life? Life always was. Life forms complement each other. If your house is clean you are the life form in the house. If your house needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as ants. If your yard is clean you are the life form in the yard. If your yard needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as flies. If you are clean and flies come to your picnic they are just the neighbor's yard cleaners. An old American Indian proverb is life is growing short if one sees an owl face to face. Owls feed on mice cleaners. If the environment supports survival of long winged owls long winged owls will be surviving parents for the next generation. Rotting behavior is not life. Some rotting behavior may believe it can live if people are dirtied and more people are convinced to find a way for rotting behavior to live. The earth is our home. Maintaining our home and our life is our responsibility. Man keeps advancing his knowledge of how to sustain life. I am greatful to all my ancestors for developing the science of sustaining life. The whole natural foods of the earth complement the needs of our body. Scientists use tools called theories in their search for truth. A theory is the question, "Could this be true?" Theories are questions used in the search for answers. 

The children of Jacob felt unloved by others while others were loving the things man made more than they loved Jacob's children. Jacob's children called this love for things man made when the love was greater than love for them the love of idols which they considered a great wrong. Children who feel material things man made are loved more than them begin to destroy idols and their creators as fortold. 

For bad guys going good protection from old associates still expecting bad guy cooperation may be acquired in the future by teamwork in going good anonymous. All a guy needs to say to his old associates is he is a member of going good anonymous and he is free of expectations of being bad and free to be good for a living. Providee positive effect on provider ability to provide may result in possible continued providee provider relationship. 

Families are the soil where people are developed into good students. I did what my mother said because I cared about her. I desired to do what she wanted but did not always understand what she wanted. Once when I was a preschooler she asked me to stay where I was. I did. Since I did I had. In Disney's book "Goofy" Goofy was always trying to do everything by obedience and always messing it up? When he did he was told, "You should have..." He always said, "I'll do that next time." and he did. What he should have done last time never applied to what would accomplish the task the next time but he did. I believe in watching over children always while they are learning to function on their own. Addressing the subject of obedience, what are a two year old's communication skills? Doctor Dodson says "A two year old may not be able to obey the same as a six year old.", and if one is taught the only reason one does or does not do something is because someone says they might not know the other reasons and when the someone who says to or not to is not able to control there is no other reason. Inability to reason results. Inability to reason is the cause of low class. Forced obedience causes rebellion. Forced obedience and rebellion are connected not forces obedience and goodness. Rebellious may accuse any goodness as being the result of obedience. Productivity is power. Power used to support meeting needs is desirable. Power used to tell someone what to do or not do causes lack of ability to reason resulting in inability to survive without exterior support. Inability to reason is given less power in society by giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment causing a division between the classes to determine professions. With less power to tell people what to do or not to do what crossing over their circle of what not to dos deceptive ways are used to gain power to tell people what to do or not to do? How many people do they want power over? What powers have been and are being captured to tell people what to and not to do? The records switching project where the records of the good students were switched with the records of the poor students to see how the teachers grade the following years will be used to learn from to apply objective grading rather than fission families. I was one of those students my report card for the three quarters of the school year after Marysville flooded being filled in with undesirable marks while I was unable to attend school the Yuba City school and schools in the area taking in all the children they could but my birthday being at the end of the year I was low priority. I received an A in Behavior Observations and know how to write objective reports. When in grade school the teacher graded upon number of answers right the grades I was switched with became 100% with dependability. A tall Norseman who I once worked with told me a good work ethic is to maintain a crew work pace working steadily rather than fast. 

The Scientific Laws of Human Development have success at teaching obedience because the obedience teaching is kindly but the results is success in acquiring obedience when no one else is experiencing the same success. Does one want their child to be the only one everyone can get away with dictating to? Power uses discretion in what power supports. Giving obedience gives power. Obedience has been misused by exterior dictators. Dictating is weakness that must be exterior supported. Obedience causes some to fear the rise to power of exterior dictators. I myself know how to develop obedience kindly but teaching people to do what others dictate is not kind. After I had acquired obedience from my child I did not feel we needed to live by dictating. Dictating was not the means used to acquire goodness. I did not use dictating to raise my children. Dictating obedience was not necessary for our actively engaged learning together family. We were actively involved in going to the library, Sea World, the San Diego Zoo, Wild Animal Kingdom, the park, and walking around the neighborhood with the stroller. We spent all day every day playing and reading stories from Disney and the library. I naively taught my child obedience because I believed obedience was a virtue. I was successful. The results may be undesirable for both success and lack of success for a practice based upon dictating. Not needing to dictate I did not need to teach obedience which I learned when my first child was about 18 months old and being self-regulated dictating was unnecessary. The magic word, please, was always appropriate. When he was 10 months old I did not like the bars on his crib and had lowered one side pushing the crib up against a sofa which he could climb out onto and down to the end stepping down onto the floor. Being his first companion I woke the next morning with his gentle fingers raising my eye lid with the eye lashes while he looked into my eye. Kind cooperation is a virtue. Love, the first commandment, is greater than obedience. Once I realized I needed to apologize to my one year old for having taken some bad advice. I thought it may be embarrassing. Contemplating options I could repent and live right next to not being able to face the embarrassment of being wrong and having to living life by the bad advice. I will always be glad I chose to apologize to my one year old. Someone who has done wrong to me has not been able to face the embarrassment so we could live right. Perhaps others are having the same difficulty. 

I can not add obedience to repeatable science. People have intellects and act in intelligent ways. Intelligent actions are best. There is no room in anyone's positively directed educationally engaged life for forced obedience now or in the future. Sometimes others dictate because they have the impression they are right. Chin up visually doing the right thing is sometimes enough to communicate you know best. Dictators never do. Dictators make more dependence on being told what to do supporting the dictator's phony appearances. Does obedience qualify to be a theory? I prefer to teach how to manage educating dictators into supporting themselves. Prevent the appearance of needing controlling. Choosing and doing the right thing is good leadership. When my employer hired me she expected me to know what to do. I had to prepare my own lesson plans and study how to do my job. She refused to do my preparation qualifying me for each day's work. As a result of the record switching project others with the power of refusing to allow me to prepare because they expected her to tell me what to do did not let me do my job. Their idea of education is silence even for preschoolers. My employer did not think silence was education. Education prepares an employee to know how to do their job. 

While to tell others what to do or not to do may not be effective, engaging people in quality activities is effective. If we are effective with some but not all people will start wondering about a division in the classes and may do the equivalent of a record switch. Providing education to meet the needs of each student makes education fulfilling rather than giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment in order to create a division between the classes to determine professions but also creating a division that keeps growing wider. A positive self-concept is everyone's need. Doctors and nurses no longer need to nurse the long line of failure causing a division between the classes used to lower into a life of mindless work. Solutions for the future do not include upside downing history in order to reverse the continually wider division between the classes. Black hats are switched with white hats their qualifications being what they know about while sometimes testing how much authority can get away with, and mental health workers thinking they already know everything anyway using their power to cheat their way through college and to abuse people believing abuse is the power to tell people what to and not to do while saying if they were treated like that they would be crazy therefore everyone is crazy having people join being crazy for profit with a social life. Having been judged in the past they defend for the future by judge-mental ness bate profits. Those who cheat call success idealistic or unrealistic and spend their lives working to teach people the way things really are. Example, "It's the nineties." Those who try very hard and do not succeed may be jealous of people who do succeed. What results from jealousy? Abusers knowing the abused does not know the source of abuse may in kind friendship advise they be paid to take revenge on others in behalf of the abused in order to disable the abuse resulting in the abusers being paid to controllingly abuse others while the abused believes the abuse is not yet disabled and the controlling abusers taking credit for their ruling the lives of others being why people who studied work productively in care and service to others. Some who want to elevate themselves out of menial labor obtain money to pay menial labor with profits on physical repair. Who did it for profit and power? Warning of danger becomes controlling by danger. Freedom is the future course of the world. 

Switching the classes is an invalid solution. The premises for high class deserving to be switched to low class are based upon high class being too high to see other people's problems, based upon the assumption of high class being the result of others being pushed down, based upon false assumptions switching finances switches sanities thus resulting in the definition of finances, based upon false accusation of high class hurting the feelings of low class by having low class manners, and based upon high class knowing not to talk to the inability to reason that people will know how it feels to have people not talk to them either thus attributing not talking to people being based upon finances rather than low class inability to reason and changing whose decision it is not to talk to people unless being paid to talk to people payment also including being bribed. Within the information era the average productive intelligence will be greater than the greatest in history. Educated people are personally qualified to determine how to earn a living meeting people's needs having their own needs and the needs of their family met in return. Our Stewards are our greatest asset in a world changing from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development. Looking at the labor force as a whole with all workers contributing to the needed labor helps show wages increase in all fields for everyone who accomplishes professional adaptation, thus contributing to the economy. The future is a new place. Faith has developed into knowledge and keeps advancing into knowledge of the laws of physics, society development, logic, and reasoning so one can appear to break the laws of physics while actually functioning upon them. Erik Erickson famous child psychologist said at the age of eighty, "Play your whole life." 

Knowing human development protects one from not knowing when one sees or experiences wrong human development. The Bible defines the adversary as "the accuser" or as my mother said, "What they say is what they are." which is the only thing they can make a living on. Accusers may slander to excuse their own behavior claiming revenge and to capture productive energy forcing choices of joining slave people to support behavior that does not support itself or be slaved. What reverse psychology is used by the con to gain being punished into what is wanted for all time as a result of being coldly rejected? How does taking a stand for the right cause an evil soul to burn and say, "You made me burn." in response to objections of being slandered and slaved? Some family members of profiteers who get their needs met by wrong doing gain wealth by sturring up trouble. Those who cry about being abused are accused of reacting which may cause someone to harm back who makes a living on what they are which is fine to them but undesirable to others because their profit system is different which they prefer. If one tells them what you are paying them so much money for will they make sure of it? If people say why workers fled and come to serve will powers of exterior support make sure of it? How are products and services sourced? The goal is developing what they are and say into earning a living. May you be productive and free. Productive Self-Governing Citizens is the goal. But the fruit of the Spirit is Love, Joy, Peace, Kindness, Goodness, Faithfulness, Gentleness, Self-Control, against such there is no law. From verse 22 of 5th Galatians. We need to develop a science of how to develop into productivity influences such as ones who plan to make a secure continual living on wrong human development and gain business by giving bad advice. I work with providers who elevate by educating and providing quality living. Hoping this information brings freedom. While researching I asked a man, "If someone hit you would you work?" He said, "Of course No." Someone who was trying to run people's lives on the basis of his thinking which was invalid reasoning said he has been doing so with everyone else's life before mine which could explain the long recession. Cries of wrong doing bring the response, "He will get his." share. Choosing your own course and sticking with your own course lets people know you choose your path in behalf of others and the earth. 

Biological feedback equipment can detect body functions and transmit discomfort causing one to buy relief eliminating brains putting dictators in power. All energy is convertible to useful energy. Redirect to honest earnings. Discourage stock in over the counter repair and profits from other repair also which may be used to cause further need of repair. Biofeedback equipment can also detect the professor's movements, steal the consciousness off the brains of the students, and lip read as it did during the draft. Not having studied a dictator's thinking has no educational foundation but is propaganda which violates the laws of logic, if-then-therefore, and the laws of reasoning, deductive and inductive, or is not supported by evidence. Example of violations of the laws of logic and reasoning: The conclusion that violates the laws of reasoning, which are stated in chapter one of plane geometry, at the end of paragraph fifty-two of the Unabomber Manifesto is based upon two violations of the laws of logic in the Unabomber Manifesto. We need national defense to support citizens earning an honest living. Combat does not prevent communism but is the cause as in China after the Boxer Rebellion and in Russia after loss of manpower after combat. America has been in a thirty year recession from which America is just coming out. The military need not feel it needs to develop people into needing to be controlled for military job security. Raphael said, "It is easy to get two people sitting next to each other fighting. Someone hits one over the back of the head. He thinks it is the other and hits the other over the head." The more one hits the other over the head the more one is hit over the back of the head because the one hit over the back of the head always thinks it is the other. Is fighting good for wrong human development profiteering businesses the business of war driving the whole world crazy for love of profit and power? Others may win at their own game drawing big powers into the conflict on their side by making the other look in the wrong. Appearing as they really are is covered to a communist who can exterior support phony appearances of innocence and peace. Yes, Communists are wrong human development profiteers, profiting from people living on their own and others' wrong human development by living on support from others. However, reverse logic is not valid logic therefore not proving all wrong human development profiteers to be communist but still living on wrong human development profiteering. What portion of our taxes support wrong human development profiteering? Pet control may be used to convert people to support wrong human development profiteering. What defense does an innocent pet made to look in the wrong have?

If the China military earned a living on world unity the China military could support world unity. If the world militaries earned a living supporting world unity the world militaries could support the China military supporting world unity. Would a military government leader maintain power by sturring up trouble with other military forces in the world? Some military personnel have been using military power to cross over their circle of past exterior controlled what not to dos for the purpose of being supported to dictate. World wrong human development is world military dictatorship. 

As a result of events in biblical recorded history, "And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our sister be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them." we have many keepers of the gate. To quote a keeper of the gate, " I was just trying to turn you into a keeper of the gate." adding the explanation heaven needed a gate keeper. Gate keepers, co-dependent upon wrong human development, how many gate keepers do we need? One wrong human development profiteer communicated he could only make a living on what he deserved.

Education is the foundation for governing, an educated citizenry being qualified to self-govern. Equipment used to bypass studying deletes qualifications to govern. One does not want one who did not study telling anyone what to do. Would military personnel gain job security, fame, and dictatorship by attacking the people while making another peoples look responsible? Does world trade decrease the business of war? Is an act of war good for the business of war? For military power and profits how easy is it to get people from the same country on airplanes? A new department of the reserves adapting military to civilian earnings needs military support by being rewarding. How was the radar over the Pentagon and on top of the world trade buildings functioning? The Doctors both physical and mental will have lots of work curing the elderly and military who profit by communism and profit by supporting the dictatorship side of a conflict as a result of people being attacked by one side of a conflict who makes the other side look like the attacker. Please contract the military to recognize and establish their own good behavior toward citizens of Democracy and developing Democracies though advancing world Democracy closes military bases. World good human development will put the military out of work. The military since their existence is the result of wrong human development may need positive directing by the government of self-governing peoples. 

We need to be managing the military and helping military personnel adapt. Emergency response has already been tried. Emergencies can be created. Peaceful border control needs to continue being in the hand of people who benefit from peace. Protection is developing others into meeting needs productively. Many meet their needs by pity and believe they are doing others a favor by meeting other's needs by pity also causing bawling for a living while coming between one and one's right to earn a living. What does, "Give'em the business." mean? National conflict changing heads of households from men to elderly will not be necessary. Communism thrives by giving bad advice. Elderly who experience their needs are met because families are divided may divide families to meet their needs. Thank you for protecting people from wrong human development advice for supporting militaries, for supporting wrong human development profiteers, for eliminating the competition for quality elderly care, and to fission families into service to them all. Is all abuse and terror good for wrong human development profiteering? Does polluting eliminate the competition? 

Thank you for educating people out of being exterior controlled to prevent too overeducated to become slaves. Elderly care by the community means elderly receive care by the good human community development they have developed and are developing. In the past elderly may have learned to have their needs met in conditions of snowballing wrong human development while these conditions were not good for the rest of society. Please redirect to Democracy Elderly Care. For continued quality elderly care society needs to be strong. Powers for exterior support will no longer count elderly as big power for dictatorship that is supported by the people's labors. The ElderlyAirChairBedBath has air chambers opening and closing over a tussah wash toilet, air chambers that rock the ElderlyAirChairBedBath back and forth like a ball, and air chambers that adjust pressure and position. Modesty is assured with body suits that open in the back accompanied by pull-over or pull-around shorts. My elderly care employer loved caring for elderly as though they were dolls in a doll house. 

Since the constitution places the people over the military not the military over the people as citizens we need to manage a military containing some air force personnel using military power and time to work in behalf of their God who they plan to come and tell everyone what to do with the help of the military the military attacking people's brains making limitations that people will loose their freedom to wrong human development profiteers helping tell people what to do also, some people being told to attack other people's brains that others can receive the same financial reward system by living on the people. Is it safe in the air? Biofeedback equipment used to steal the consciousness off people's brains leaves the population defenseless to a dictator's inability to reason, the inability to reason used as power to control to wrong. Having brains is the legal definition of life. No one wants to be a robot. For the inability to logic and reason to attempt to seduce others into joining them brains may have been attacked first. The night of the hits I dreamed one form with many faces said, "We proved we have the power to hit. Now you have to do whatever we say." If one lets them control the plane, where will it go? Since power is their goal doing what they say gives them power. Dictators have not studied. If they had they would know better. Do those who develop thieves expect to be exterior supported? Is the leader of thieves a thief? Was national defense stolen by thieves for their defense and applied to the power of thieves? When around the corner within walking distance the sermon after the attack was about how the terror attack was driving people to God and they hoped we did not need too many more of these things before people turned to God I knew the predator ate the shepherd and his wife the medical attendant was feeding on the flock abused bodies medical profiteers masterminding terror and war for a profit. The attack was holy terror dictatorship that needs to be exterior supported. Predators among the flock may jointly think it is all just a con to get people to be good, however, the flock was gathered and founded upon teachings which are good society development and good human development, therefore, people are good. As a child I was greatful to my flock and thought others were greatful to their flock as I was greatful to my mother and they were greatful to their's. I thought it was all just non-monopoly. Greed may count upon other's greed joining in. Predators among the flocks may cause wrongdoing between the flocks to destroy. Productive creative human development is heaven on earth and heaven in the future. Are they afraid to come out and work the only thing they can make a living on being to drive society crazy? A lay minister may be a wrong human development profiteer. Where was the sermon we went to hear? Dictatorship is based upon violations of the laws of intelligent thought processes. Punish-mental persons setting others up to be accused my give dictators power over workers acquiring labor to support telling peoples what to and not to do. Telling people what to and not to do does not support itself. Men who are warriors may be supported instead of supporting leaving the work to the woman and others. Raphael said, "When white man came to America they found woman doing all the work and thought they could improve on a system like that." and "Treat a tramp like a lady and treat a lady like a tramp." Raphael also said, "I hate self-righteous people." Intelligence is slandered when F grades are switched to A grades resulting in wrong thinking it is right and people saying intelligence is dangerous. The F grade thinking it is right is a dictator needing to be freed from bossing people. Good looking dictators may be used by powers of exterior support because good looking is supposed to be able to get away with bossing. An F grade may mess up thought processes with intent. Function on an education, not on what an F grade says. Education functions. The amount of punish-mental ness is equal to the amount of need for war profits. How is punish-mental ness used to fuel war? Have punish-mental people made punishment look like suicide in the past? Can punishment be made to look like suicide bombing? Does people being harmed while going after a suspect embarrass some out of going after the real guilty party? 

The King's job was to protect his kingdom. Not being naive was a requirement for his job. A king had to know his sociology. The king had to see to all the needs of his people. Being king was not a job for complacency or dictating. If being king began to look like exterior support or dictating to people in his kingdom who he allowed hunger for exterior support and dictating, exterior supported dictatorship, he lost his job and his kingdom. Some Military personnel may be trapped by unconsciousness into the only way they can have their needs met. Rasputin may have been already needing exterior physical electrical processes support. If the Czar's relatives and Czararina Alexandria had scientific knowledge we have today they may have been able to give Rasputin life and protected by adjusting exterior enforcements thus permitting plus teaching others to meet their needs productively. We may all have our own Rasputins controlling by unconsciousness who can live without personal physical energy processes better than anyone else while living for attention and be working on solutions. The more exterior what not to dos they are given the more exterior support they need. Exterior what not to dos and exterior support are attention and can be mistaken for love. At school one child punched another child in the tummy and then threw himself down kicking and screaming as if he was the one punched. Was I supposed to accuse the other person? A false prophet is one prophesying the results of their own punishing. A genius whose contribution is valuable to the world is exempt from the draft. All science is repeatable. The scientific method applied may acquire results you may publish of your own. Wrong human development profiteering may make more profits than most anyone else but takes value out of currency. 

Professional Adaptation Education from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development needed. One wrong human development major minored in adaptation to good human development. Hopefully in the future there will be a law requiring alternative sources of income for wrong human development profiteers. Forever innocence investigated forever is forever pay. Professional adaptation causes less competition for people living on wrong human development. What can be done for the policeman who is mad at innocence because what will he do for money? Professional Adaptation Please. Protect your child from being turned into a wrong human development profiteer by wrong human development profiteers because your child is good. A separate interested party seeing to the future of children that does not earn a living on wrong human development is needed. 


Futurentology. 

Scientific Peace Formula. 

Quality Parenting and Teaching equals Democracy. Researcher Janet Hartwick. Thank You for GREAT SERVICE ! ! ! Thank You Minute Women and Minute Men. Intellectual Materials Copyright. My Testimony in Peace Parenting Written 1996 and Published, updated. 

Prosperity spread through many lands during a time of great depression as a result of the people being taught the teachings of their three great prophets Abraham teaching one God, Moses teaching the ten commandments, and Jesus teaching the first and second great commandments 'Thou salt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it. Thou salt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the laws of the prophets.' by Mohammad who joined a camel caravan at the age of fourteen. How easy is it for the anti-Christ to get two peoples who believe in the teachings of Jesus fighting? 


Wrong human development profiteers accusing and gaining prey by the legal process, sometimes holding court, and eating the results is cannibalism. Cannibals hate "self-righteous" people and accuse the other before being accused especially when having done something wrong. What does a cannibal call winning? What does friends and popularity mean to a cannibal? How does a cannibal play on people's good intentions? How does a cannibal play on people's obedience and duty to job? Would they choose a thief for their leader? Whose profit system is harming people? Is a cannibal in love with being crazy for profit with a social life? One person's complaint of being abused while the abuser was pointing a finger at her and calling her crazy received the response the abuser's family was in the mental health business and they could only make a living on what they were winning at what they were better than anyone else their considering her sanity a hard nut to crack. While they are inflicting people with their inability to reason, they are willing to be paid to give the cure to see things their way by forcing people to talk to the inability to reason. The opening Pandora's box look of "Let them do anything they want?" excuse for punishing indicates lack of leadership, lack of supervision, lack of providing positive choices of things to be doing, lack of providing, lack of providing and being good companionship, and lack of education in enjoying the good things in life. Does an extended related family member of mental health profiteers joining a religion and making a phony marriage unwanted by the bride who was engaged when she did not want to be as a result of hearing herself say yes against her wishes to his, "This is your last chance. Will you marry me?" with a two night honeymoon of falling asleep watching him sit in an easy chair in a dark room with the light of the T.V. facing him reflect his shape preceding fainting regularly after having the flue for over a month to come to, to see him come through the room door bare-chested holding a plunger, that was alibied with darling artificially inseminated children acquired by standing on one's head while assuming for four years he came home at night not being able to wait up till midnight for another year his not being there when she awoke during the four years and deceiving the people into opening Pandora's box to control a person out of real marriage where she learned microscopic does not always mean not seen upon sight with years of not having the flue after years of having the flue back into a phony marriage but really into twenty-four hour three hundred and sixty-five day a year live-in elderly care eliminate the competition for elderly care, Sunday the day of rest, in behalf of dictatorship? Since the person pulling the phony marriage after presenting himself as being single is already married and can not marry again, the single person they pull a phony marriage upon is married without the other person being married to them. Asking to prove a phony marriage may result in revengeful wild accusations. Another purpose for pulling a phony marriage may have been to make marriage look like exterior control abuse making doing right look like the result of exterior control abuse and doing wrong looking better than wrongful abuse to change wrong to right making doing wrong look justified. Revenge upon people who do not believe in harming people or doing revenge is harming without being harmed back. Pulling a phony marriage upon descendants of Abraham because Abraham's Grandson Jacob had two wives, Rachel and Leah, for revenge upon plural marriage is upon people of a different time and different circumstances. When Raphael said it was a fact that he hated his mother I did not know he belonged to a group of motherhood hater mental health profiteers seeking power. Not being judge-mental because one sees their own wrong doing does not mean people are judge-mental because they are innocent. Having knowledge in behavior management, a husband does not need to be so afraid of behavior he keeps his wife in bed every day by placing his fingers on her pressure points while she sleeps or if caught sprinkles dehydrated rattle snake venom on her bed sheets. Communism and religion do not mix. Democracy elderly care is good for the people. Let's lead and provide. Discipline discipl(in)e , meaning disciple of, is being positively engaged in enriching activities. Mary the mother of Baby Jesus was artificially inseminated other babies of artificial insemination not being alone. 

This script is sent to you without request for purse. Anyone asking for purse may be fueling wrong behavior. Raising the market may attract the notice of wrong human development profiteers placing themselves in your hands the hands of professional adaptation rather than you in theirs for a living. Anyone calling saying they represent me, it is not true but representatives of the records switchers seeking financing for highly expensive constant moral physical financial and spiritual abuse to drive workers to live in elderly service. Warnings have turned to promises of physical abuse to support the medical profession living on taxes to support communism and to support people needing money to pay the medical profession by working for communists, slander and slave, being slandered and abused out of other work, and turned to spiritual dictating by suspected threat of abuse to back-seat drive people's lives . Feel free to generate upon any of my work. Do give all sources credit. Permission to Copy, Publish, and Broadcast. 

Where there abused bodies medical profiteers in the Donner Party resulting in the Donner Party being trapped at Donner Summit? Please check the descendants of the Donner Party that settled below the snow line in California. How are they profitting? The related extended family members of military psychiatrist Dr. Hamm and his former wife of Woodside Way Auburn California have given and plan to give me the business following me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings evil spiriting harm. One can tell a cheating spirit because it will disagree with the text book. The related family members of their friend Mr. Cook were there too. If one says to a suspected spiritual dictator who would not be sitting there watching them working in a place of productivity other than they knew the worker would be there that perhaps he does not like strangers telling him what to do so he can see how others do not like strangers telling them what to do the dictator may dictate he was talked to for someone to say this and dictate the person is not allowed to talk to people. Another person following the worker to the place of productivity and conducting a booming conversation with someone equally not working may complain he was talked to when the worker suggests another place to carry on loud conversations. Are they giving others the business also? Did they bring with them the person who was angry at people in eastern USA. Did the military follow me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings spiritually dictating, robbing my time, and leaving signs of physical abuse? Did descendents of the Donner Party follow me by military transport? The military is over twenty percent of the nation's pollution. Early in the 1980's Susan Sweet said, "In 1984 the pigs will take over the world." Susan Sweet also said, "I love to hate." I did not know what she meant. In 1984 calling to make an order with the food co-op Susan started I told her I had helped my nieces and nephews move to the city of Vacaville California where their father could be closer to work instead of continuing to make a long commute. I also told her we had gone to family fishing day at Folsom Lake. Since I had been placed in the care of a sick abusive person as a child I told Susan I had made sure my children were in good care and others might be advised to be sure of the same. Did Susan Sweet override my caution? Did Susan cause the pigs to take over the world? The imposter may be a pig. No one will believe or knows how to address a military pilot formerly of closed Mather Air Force Base who is angry Democracy closed his base down and has abused me for the last ten years by military power because my profession is good human development which results in Democracy is the real Terrorist and succeeded in terror bringing in war profits to support him and his life style and others who live his life style but please prevent him from further acts of terror. I have been abused and if I am abused by him for his profits and others who join him for profits who else are they abusing military war games not needing to play both sides having real Democracy to play spiritual and physical war upon? Please disconnect power of the military over the labor force to reveal exterior supported phony appearances supporting exterior supported phony appearances. I have been followed by wrong human development profiteers. Please protect me and others from abuse and terror by war profiteers. Their acts of terror really did result in war. How much more terror to bring in war profits does he need? The military living on communism instead of being successful fighting communism, they will live on terror instead of being successful fighting terror giving the appearance of fighting terror to cause terror. Please protect the nations in the future from terror to stur up war thus causing loss of man power which causes communism which supports militaries. Were the terrorists seduced by the dark side? Is immorality nothing more than wanting attention, attention being mistaken for love and having needs met? While walking past Dr. Hamm's house on my way to college when his second son walked up to me and said he had touched everyone and everything in a marital way and everyone else was doing it also so would I do it with him I was naive to think people could stop him since they would not want him to touch him. I said I heard touching a frog gives warts. He also said his father knows the only reason people are nice is because they have alterior motives. He said marriage was only selfish female security. Did he think by his extended related family members pulling phony marriage to destroy marriage that then people would want to touch him? Touching everyone and everything in a marital way or wrongful abuse to change wrong to right may be the only two options they see for themselves 

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Unapproved Reader Submissions
Headline: Scientific Laws in Human Development
Subheadline:  
Author: researcherjanet@yahoo.com
&nbsp;
Latest Edition, Scientific Laws in Human Development. 

Developing Skills in Productive Fields of Interest. 

Do you give positive attention while one is being good? According to Doctor Fitzhough Dodson some learned the only way to receive attention was through inappropriate behavior. As long as one was good one may have been ignored. Some who ignored others when they were good may have felt compelled to give instant focused attention for inappropriate behavior. Misbehavior was therefore attention. Misbehavior became a social life. The person thought the behavior was who they were. Others believed the behavior was who the person was also. The behavior received attention from some in the environment and allied forces producing further teasing for social recognition. While wasting productive time other needs failed to be met causing the need to feed off productive forces. Changing who one became depends upon the process. In the past some thought dictated undesirableness would stop unwanted actions. Authoritarians did not know punishment, which is a behavior recognizer, fools by temporarily suppressing behavior while at the same time giving social and self-recognition causing the behavior to repeat. Punishment is both given and received. Punished behavior repeats acquiring neither goodness or obedience. Recognizing the difference between the behavior and the individual do give the individual attention. Doctor Dodson suggests easily gently distracting offering attention in a new direction redirecting the individual to fun learning activities that let the individual know they are valuable and people care their time is spent valuably, that meet needs, and that lead to productive behavior while applying Extinction Technique by giving zero attention to behaviors one does not wish to be repeated. Recognized productive behavior becomes repeated productive behavior. Generative productive personalities develop. Children's productive behavior is the right to have their educational needs met and be actively engaged in the educational process. Scientific studies by recorded observation of behavior under precise behavior recognition conditions produced the results: Recognized behavior repeats, or to quote the results, "Recognized behavior is repeated behavior." as stated in How to Parent, the beginning of the book saying it is written to mothers, by Doctor Fitzhough Dodson which I read July 1974 and applied. Dr. Dodson also wrote How to Grandparent and How to Father. These scientific facts may not have been available to others and you before so forgive others and yourself for the unchangeable past punishment can not change and focus upon life's qualities being specific and investigative. Make a future. Quoting a homes and gardens magazine, "The best way to quit a bad habit is to substitute it with a good habit." 

Providing fun safe multiple-choice learning experiences for expression in individuality in an environment which is safe to function within develops interest in learning while continual watching and providing for interests extends and expands learning. Extended expanded play learning is Emergent Curriculum in the Early Childhood Education Field. During play children learn to use symbols, written sign verbal pictorial musical constructive language, to communicate. The book One Hundred Languages of Children by Carolyn Edwards is the story of Italy's child development Reggio Emilia Schools. Learning projects at Reggio Emilia are self-discovery projects. The children are free to think through how to construct and measure in their own way. During play the children test their theories. Chapter nine is the true story of a small group of children who draw a life scale dinosaur. The children found a place in the schoolyard large enough to draw a dinosaur. The school provided for the children's access many measuring sticks, 'Rods', for laying side by side showing the precise height and length of the dinosaur. The school spared no rods. The children learned measuring skills used in building societies. The King's foot measurement divided into one dozen makes twelve inches. Cubit rods measure cubits. During projects the teachers engage the children in conversation. Children are inspired to inquisitiveness as a result of the teacher's provocative questions. Projects are displayed at community gatherings giving each child a sense of community. Community observers give recognition of correct principles applied to create each project. Rods used in child education to show quantities are Quizenairy Rods. Each uniform section on the rod is displayed by color. Each consecutive rod is one unit longer. Rods make useful levers. Rods reach under and pull out items a person can not reach. A walking stick is a sturdy rod. Children attain higher principles. 

Two principles of early childhood education are each classroom has three times as many positive free choice learning activities as the number of children and children are free to ask for their needs. Parent participation preschool in my neighborhood had free choice parent directed learning centers with one parent center for every five children. One parent participated one day a week for each child. Increasing good human development bonds neighborhood families and peers and efficiently creates a four day labor week and one family and community day. Quoting Doctor Fitzhough Dodson, "What is the ultimate goal we are working toward in the training of our children? If we reflect deeply on this question, most of us would say that our ultimate goal is to produce an adult who has learned self-regulation, who has learned to exercise his freedom in a responsible way." "A baby's wants are a baby's needs." "Mother is a baby's first social life." "The learner must be in condition to learn." "Give your child a positive model of what he should do." Mother and Father set an example as learning discovery information gatherers. Family members share learning experiences providing all education attention. A baby wants a social skill development learning day. Infancy is the optimum time to learn social skills thus developing social infants. Social infants tend to have their needs met according to scientific studies by recorded observation. People respond to social infants. (The Developing Person by Kathleen Stassen Berger) 

Doctor Fitzhough Dodson believes basic honesty is learned through the appropriate meeting of honest needs as in when one is honestly sleepy and honestly hungry. Messages by the blood stream requesting energy are honest biological messages. Baby's respect for personal property is gained by experiencing having personal property others respect. Children who see material thing meeting people's needs connect material things with meeting needs. My coat meets my needs and your coat meets your needs. Children who have their needs met are not busy doing that which is undesirable. Providing places for children to place their needs assures children their material needs are ready and waiting for them when needed. Baby sees others meeting needs and matures into the desire to meet needs also. Respect includes the owner's personal power over decisions to share including consideration and respect to the givers of gifts. When the choice is theirs to make children enjoy sharing. All children need their needs met at all times. (We do also.) 

My self-regulating infants slept when their bodies needed sleep. Since my infants had interesting active days they slept well at night. During the day they were free to nap. Toddlers wake up hungry for Break/Fast after early A.M. sleeping. Meals and snacks follow naturally. Studies show when a healthy variety of foods are placed upon the table in serving bowls family style children always choose a balanced diet. There are so many healthy choices in the variety of all good foods no one need ever take what one does not like. By choice I have developed a taste for sauerkraut. By experience sauerkraut was a food I had never heard of until junior high. My daughter in her highchair while I was feeding her Campbell's Vegetable Beef Soup ejected every pea. In two months she was eating peas with pleasure. Is it possible she was eating peas with pleasure because I did not force her to eat them? My personal choice of entertainment, reading, and activities being ecological non-fiction I saw the need to educate my children in the difference between non-fiction and fiction the first time they were exposed to fiction entertainment. 

Since I could only clean wherever I was at wherever I was at was clean. Stepping out of bed the covers went up, dressing one item in the bath was cleaned, walking down the hall the beds were made, and rising up from breakfast the dishes were washed and kitchen cleaned. After relaxing in the afternoon the floors were done. The work was always already done. When I spent my time with the children the house stayed clean. We were actively involved in fun discovery and skill building. Education by experience was direct attentive communication by personal attention or wonderful education filled classroom lectures like circle time and college classes, sing along language skill development, learning projects, free choice positive learning experiences, reading good books, and playground social skills development health education. Reggio Emilia's idea of education also includes community and family social dining. Living the Scientific Laws of Human Development meant we could dine with the results of royalty having our typical lunch experience. I reply, "In 'government for the people, by the people, and of the people' everyone is royalty." Art and spatial relationships classes at college taught me principles of construction, space, design, and perception for skills in creativity. All these principles are repeatable science. The classes are fun. I loved my college classes and believe college has great value. While holding my small baby in my arms I thought of his future. I decided to give him opportunities to learn how to think by enriching his young life with daily valuable opportunities for learning. Personal knowledge would qualify him to choose how to care for people and the earth. Intelligence is applying one's profession to meeting the needs of the people. Raising him filled with the intelligence to know how to choose to apply professional services to serve others the best was my goal. Family fusion, productive energy resulting from family unity, bonds families. Extinct family fission, energy released as a result of family division. People experiencing having their needs met because families are united gains support for united families. 

Education is the power to direct one's own life. Self-regulating productive play educated persons develop into productive citizens. The process of meeting needs, which used to be called work, is now Playing Productively. Self-Governing peoples form a democracy. Democracy Occurs. World Democracy is National Defense. Peaceful nations is National Defense. National defense is Peaceful World Democracy. We have inherited the great gift of freedom and liberty. Preservation of freedom and liberty assures our future and the future of all. We are the light of Democracy before the world. 

Good human development brings freedom and liberty. Wrong human development is loss of liberty. One survival cure used in the past in distant places for rebellious reaction to being told what not to do was living in silence. One may feel rejected when one does not know they are in an environment where silence is being practiced. Whether silence is a cure or just preferred now that I know when others prefer silence because their personal selection of quality living is in the reading material they have chosen to add value to the moment I can join them with adding quality to the moment with my own chosen selection of valuable written material. When the mind is filled others enjoy words of value. People travel great distances to listen to learned people talk. Clean living peoples enhance our earth's vitality restoring and nurturing a clean planet. Homes, where good human development develops clean living citizens whose behavior does not need restricting by high energy prices, bring progress toward alternative energy. Workers in oil producing nations are learning skills to advance their nation into higher skilled higher paid services. Citizen's playing productively needs will be met. Good behavior raises the market. The market out competes gas and oil for a profit. Here is the way. The work is ahead. Please keep market coolness, pay everything, and profit take. Please prevent jumping the market causing an investor to interfere with work and mail to buy in low for the next ride up. Scientific advancements in Human Development raise the market every day. There are many stock markets in the world. 

Good human development develops self-controlled functioning upon knowledge. Wrong human development is exterior dictating resulting in the need for exterior support. To make a living on wrong human development there must be a drawing a circle around a person of exterior controlled what not to dos. The wrong human developers expect enforcers, as themselves, to be paid enforcing what not to dos. The person with the circle of what not to dos drawn around them becomes a slave of doing what not to dos for attention. Everyone becomes a slave to support what not to dos. For those trapped in outdated professions while crying for the world to continue earning a living on wrong human development they or others sometimes convince people good human development and wrong human development are reversed. One solution is new careers in helping office, field, and home-based professions adapt to people's true needs. A word of wisdom, "Avoid the appearance of evil." since punish-mental persons seeing opportunities of evil may believe someone needs controlling. 

A point on top of the ear indicated holding onto the top of the ear behavior management but they grew up to be men with a great deal of power. In the story of Brer Bear, and Brer Fox, and Brer Rabbit, Brer Rabbit was stuck in the tar baby. Brer Bear and Brer Fox were thinking of what to do with Brer Rabbit since they had made the tar baby to catch Brer Rabbit. Brer Rabbit said, "Please, don't throw me in the briar patch." Brer Bear and Brer Fox threw Brer Rabbit in the briar patch. Brer Rabbit jumped up and down and said, "I told you not to throw me in the briar patch. The Briar Patch is my home." A caught con wants the protection of thick walls where all his needs are met for the length of time society will be angry. Where does a con not want you to throw him? Society wants to be free from the con not knowing how to meet his needs appropriately. Everyone is happy so the process is not punishment other than being with everyone else society is angry at however a con is in joint company while innocent persons are not but does it develop people into meeting needs appropriately? 

Good behavior develops mentally and physically healthy people. Doctors and nurses earn a living being leaders in mental and physical health and curing those who profit by wrong human development and communism since what they made a living on is outdated prehuman development. Your health, not your unhealth, will be rewarding to the Doctor and nurse. The Doctor and nurse need you as well as you needing them so once you are healthy do remember the entire medical profession and all supporting fields still need to make a living. It is your turn to make them feel loved. Freeing people from past captivities is worthy employment. Hiring a lawyer with success in accomplishing right gives co-security for the right since you have the right to offer the lawyer while the other might have the wrong to offer. Lawyers help the balance in society of rebelliousness counteracting obeying a dictator the amount of rebelliousness in society being equal to the amount of dictating. Being caught in the trap is not necessary for those who do not practice dictating or being dictated unto. Many successful companies have their own insurance department. Intelligence adds value to the environment and the economy. Developed productive persons may be taught through fables defense against obedient enslavement to exterior commands and orders by punished no-self-control requesting the exterior control they were raised upon manipulators and their motives to gain go power by feeding untruth for others to function upon believing others are wrong to be so naive. Wrongdoing does not feed itself. If something needs exterior support is there wrong doing which must be feed by exterior support? Exterior support causes pollution. Productivity is fun. People who tell you what not to do may be rebellious themselves and while you are not picking up your baby and holding your baby their not picking up their baby and holding their baby is imagination. I listened to my baby and let such advice sail off in the wind. With the help of carriers and snuggles holders my baby was always with me. My baby was so positively directed active holding him became treasured moments. Clean safe places for the crawler to explore while being carefully watched develops the brain and body. Goal focusing keeps Toddlers going in a positive direction. Climbing is a toddler stage that can be easily provided for by many happy moments of climbing up and sliding down. Children's physical activity educates the brain in how fast the body is growing helping develop coordination the brain appreciating the goodness physical activity gives to the body. The arms growing longer than the brain knows results in a glass of milk being pushed over before the hand can clasp the glass. Cups with handles are useful during growth spurts. Raising the level of average is how to get ahead without leaving others behind. The best human developers served in many lands accomplishing goal oriented human development around the world. Human development knowledge is catching up with world progress. We know behavior that supports life. 

Man are meadow makers when "The more edge the better around a meadow for the wildlife to go in and out of the forest safely to graze on grass the sunlight can reach." Rule changes rectangle clear cuts from ugly useless patches to useful functions within the forests providing meadows. Grazing causes Native American grasses to thrive. 

The Land of Milk and Honey (Bible) which is now desert with intelligent planning again returns to Lands of Milk and Honey. Shawna my American River Biology Teacher said, "Deserts repel rain, and trees and plants attract rain." Deserts, I believe are not natural earth habitats but man made literal ruins from ancient civilizations. Where deserts are today were man's natural places upon the earth were man fit into the ecosystem. Planting one tree in the middle will not turn deserts back into Milk and Honey Lands but Suburban and Urban Forests (Magazine Urban Forests) begin around the rim and grow inward. Soil is a mixture of sand, clay, and humus. Many deserts already have the sand. Lizards make good pets and adapt to nature centers. Ground burrowers aerate and fertilize soil, and build underground rivers allowing rainwater to absorb rather than striking the top of hard unpenetrable ground carrying off topsoil. Quality feeding ground burrowers is a valuable contribution to nature. Before deserts repelled moisture causing it to rain on Noah's mountain and flood down into the valley mists watered the earth at night. Melting snow mist crystals flow into streams. Man has advanced his knowledge of caring for the earth. More permanent roads may not be needed since we will be free to have alternative air transport, most populations live along waterways, and home life will be enjoyable and productive. My high school Biology teacher taught our class about wind factors. When one is driving 55 miles an hour in still air a 55 mile an hour wind is blowing on the front of the car. Capturing the wind in wind tunnels containing many small whirling pinwheels keeps electricity going to the battery of an electric car, boat, or airplane. Extending the length of the vehicle the wind tunnels leave clean air in back. My children being positively directed I was never afraid of their being perpetual motion. Being free to move as a result of their good behavior they enjoyed still activities. 

Science is all known measurable or related truths and newly revealed truths in the search for truth. The eighth edition of Science and Technology McGraw-Hill Encyclopedia defines science as, "The study of nature and natural phenomena." Scientists categorize truth and those categories are called sciences. The first sentence of many books is "This is the science of . . ." The rule of science is, "All science is Repeatable." For newly discovered results to be presented as science to the scientific community a scientist must establish a written formula with written step just like a construction plan producing the same results every time just like a construction plan. Scientists have taken all possible combinations of chemical reactions and discovered life does not come from non-life by chemical reactions therefore we do know it is not possible to begin life by any combination of chemical reactions. Scientists can write a formula with all possible combinations of chemical reaction and the results. The formula will always obtain repeatable results of the combination of all possible chemical reactions. Those results are science. Scientists can write a formula with repeatable results that sustain life. We are the receivers of all accumulated knowledge throughout history of how to sustain life. Knowledge keeps developing. We do know time is infinite. Time always was. Was there time without life? Life always was. Life forms complement each other. If your house is clean you are the life form in the house. If your house needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as ants. If your yard is clean you are the life form in the yard. If your yard needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as flies. If you are clean and flies come to your picnic they are just the neighbor's yard cleaners. An old American Indian proverb is life is growing short if one sees an owl face to face. Owls feed on mice cleaners. If the environment supports survival of long winged owls long winged owls will be surviving parents for the next generation. Rotting behavior is not life. Some rotting behavior may believe it can live if people are dirtied and more people are convinced to find a way for rotting behavior to live. The earth is our home. Maintaining our home and our life is our responsibility. Man keeps advancing his knowledge of how to sustain life. I am greatful to all my ancestors for developing the science of sustaining life. The whole natural foods of the earth complement the needs of our body. Scientists use tools called theories in their search for truth. A theory is the question, "Could this be true?" Theories are questions used in the search for answers. 

The children of Jacob felt unloved by others while others were loving the things man made more than they loved Jacob's children. Jacob's children called this love for things man made when the love was greater than love for them the love of idols which they considered a great wrong. Children who feel material things man made are loved more than them begin to destroy idols and their creators as fortold. 

For bad guys going good protection from old associates still expecting bad guy cooperation may be acquired in the future by teamwork in going good anonymous. All a guy needs to say to his old associates is he is a member of going good anonymous and he is free of expectations of being bad and free to be good for a living. Providee positive effect on provider ability to provide may result in possible continued providee provider relationship. 

Families are the soil where people are developed into good students. I did what my mother said because I cared about her. I desired to do what she wanted but did not always understand what she wanted. Once when I was a preschooler she asked me to stay where I was. I did. Since I did I had. In Disney's book "Goofy" Goofy was always trying to do everything by obedience and always messing it up? When he did he was told, "You should have..." He always said, "I'll do that next time." and he did. What he should have done last time never applied to what would accomplish the task the next time but he did. I believe in watching over children always while they are learning to function on their own. Addressing the subject of obedience, what are a two year old's communication skills? Doctor Dodson says "A two year old may not be able to obey the same as a six year old.", and if one is taught the only reason one does or does not do something is because someone says they might not know the other reasons and when the someone who says to or not to is not able to control there is no other reason. Inability to reason results. Inability to reason is the cause of low class. Forced obedience causes rebellion. Forced obedience and rebellion are connected not forces obedience and goodness. Rebellious may accuse any goodness as being the result of obedience. Productivity is power. Power used to support meeting needs is desirable. Power used to tell someone what to do or not do causes lack of ability to reason resulting in inability to survive without exterior support. Inability to reason is given less power in society by giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment causing a division between the classes to determine professions. With less power to tell people what to do or not to do what crossing over their circle of what not to dos deceptive ways are used to gain power to tell people what to do or not to do? How many people do they want power over? What powers have been and are being captured to tell people what to and not to do? The records switching project where the records of the good students were switched with the records of the poor students to see how the teachers grade the following years will be used to learn from to apply objective grading rather than fission families. I was one of those students my report card for the three quarters of the school year after Marysville flooded being filled in with undesirable marks while I was unable to attend school the Yuba City school and schools in the area taking in all the children they could but my birthday being at the end of the year I was low priority. I received an A in Behavior Observations and know how to write objective reports. When in grade school the teacher graded upon number of answers right the grades I was switched with became 100% with dependability. A tall Norseman who I once worked with told me a good work ethic is to maintain a crew work pace working steadily rather than fast. 

The Scientific Laws of Human Development have success at teaching obedience because the obedience teaching is kindly but the results is success in acquiring obedience when no one else is experiencing the same success. Does one want their child to be the only one everyone can get away with dictating to? Power uses discretion in what power supports. Giving obedience gives power. Obedience has been misused by exterior dictators. Dictating is weakness that must be exterior supported. Obedience causes some to fear the rise to power of exterior dictators. I myself know how to develop obedience kindly but teaching people to do what others dictate is not kind. After I had acquired obedience from my child I did not feel we needed to live by dictating. Dictating was not the means used to acquire goodness. I did not use dictating to raise my children. Dictating obedience was not necessary for our actively engaged learning together family. We were actively involved in going to the library, Sea World, the San Diego Zoo, Wild Animal Kingdom, the park, and walking around the neighborhood with the stroller. We spent all day every day playing and reading stories from Disney and the library. I naively taught my child obedience because I believed obedience was a virtue. I was successful. The results may be undesirable for both success and lack of success for a practice based upon dictating. Not needing to dictate I did not need to teach obedience which I learned when my first child was about 18 months old and being self-regulated dictating was unnecessary. The magic word, please, was always appropriate. When he was 10 months old I did not like the bars on his crib and had lowered one side pushing the crib up against a sofa which he could climb out onto and down to the end stepping down onto the floor. Being his first companion I woke the next morning with his gentle fingers raising my eye lid with the eye lashes while he looked into my eye. Kind cooperation is a virtue. Love, the first commandment, is greater than obedience. Once I realized I needed to apologize to my one year old for having taken some bad advice. I thought it may be embarrassing. Contemplating options I could repent and live right next to not being able to face the embarrassment of being wrong and having to living life by the bad advice. I will always be glad I chose to apologize to my one year old. Someone who has done wrong to me has not been able to face the embarrassment so we could live right. Perhaps others are having the same difficulty. 

I can not add obedience to repeatable science. People have intellects and act in intelligent ways. Intelligent actions are best. There is no room in anyone's positively directed educationally engaged life for forced obedience now or in the future. Sometimes others dictate because they have the impression they are right. Chin up visually doing the right thing is sometimes enough to communicate you know best. Dictators never do. Dictators make more dependence on being told what to do supporting the dictator's phony appearances. Does obedience qualify to be a theory? I prefer to teach how to manage educating dictators into supporting themselves. Prevent the appearance of needing controlling. Choosing and doing the right thing is good leadership. When my employer hired me she expected me to know what to do. I had to prepare my own lesson plans and study how to do my job. She refused to do my preparation qualifying me for each day's work. As a result of the record switching project others with the power of refusing to allow me to prepare because they expected her to tell me what to do did not let me do my job. Their idea of education is silence even for preschoolers. My employer did not think silence was education. Education prepares an employee to know how to do their job. 

While to tell others what to do or not to do may not be effective, engaging people in quality activities is effective. If we are effective with some but not all people will start wondering about a division in the classes and may do the equivalent of a record switch. Providing education to meet the needs of each student makes education fulfilling rather than giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment in order to create a division between the classes to determine professions but also creating a division that keeps growing wider. A positive self-concept is everyone's need. Doctors and nurses no longer need to nurse the long line of failure causing a division between the classes used to lower into a life of mindless work. Solutions for the future do not include upside downing history in order to reverse the continually wider division between the classes. Black hats are switched with white hats their qualifications being what they know about while sometimes testing how much authority can get away with, and mental health workers thinking they already know everything anyway using their power to cheat their way through college and to abuse people believing abuse is the power to tell people what to and not to do while saying if they were treated like that they would be crazy therefore everyone is crazy having people join being crazy for profit with a social life. Having been judged in the past they defend for the future by judge-mental ness bate profits. Those who cheat call success idealistic or unrealistic and spend their lives working to teach people the way things really are. Example, "It's the nineties." Those who try very hard and do not succeed may be jealous of people who do succeed. What results from jealousy? Abusers knowing the abused does not know the source of abuse may in kind friendship advise they be paid to take revenge on others in behalf of the abused in order to disable the abuse resulting in the abusers being paid to controllingly abuse others while the abused believes the abuse is not yet disabled and the controlling abusers taking credit for their ruling the lives of others being why people who studied work productively in care and service to others. Some who want to elevate themselves out of menial labor obtain money to pay menial labor with profits on physical repair. Who did it for profit and power? Warning of danger becomes controlling by danger. Freedom is the future course of the world. 

Switching the classes is an invalid solution. The premises for high class deserving to be switched to low class are based upon high class being too high to see other people's problems, based upon the assumption of high class being the result of others being pushed down, based upon false assumptions switching finances switches sanities thus resulting in the definition of finances, based upon false accusation of high class hurting the feelings of low class by having low class manners, and based upon high class knowing not to talk to the inability to reason that people will know how it feels to have people not talk to them either thus attributing not talking to people being based upon finances rather than low class inability to reason and changing whose decision it is not to talk to people unless being paid to talk to people payment also including being bribed. Within the information era the average productive intelligence will be greater than the greatest in history. Educated people are personally qualified to determine how to earn a living meeting people's needs having their own needs and the needs of their family met in return. Our Stewards are our greatest asset in a world changing from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development. Looking at the labor force as a whole with all workers contributing to the needed labor helps show wages increase in all fields for everyone who accomplishes professional adaptation, thus contributing to the economy. The future is a new place. Faith has developed into knowledge and keeps advancing into knowledge of the laws of physics, society development, logic, and reasoning so one can appear to break the laws of physics while actually functioning upon them. Erik Erickson famous child psychologist said at the age of eighty, "Play your whole life." 

Knowing human development protects one from not knowing when one sees or experiences wrong human development. The Bible defines the adversary as "the accuser" or as my mother said, "What they say is what they are." which is the only thing they can make a living on. Accusers may slander to excuse their own behavior claiming revenge and to capture productive energy forcing choices of joining slave people to support behavior that does not support itself or be slaved. What reverse psychology is used by the con to gain being punished into what is wanted for all time as a result of being coldly rejected? How does taking a stand for the right cause an evil soul to burn and say, "You made me burn." in response to objections of being slandered and slaved? Some family members of profiteers who get their needs met by wrong doing gain wealth by sturring up trouble. Those who cry about being abused are accused of reacting which may cause someone to harm back who makes a living on what they are which is fine to them but undesirable to others because their profit system is different which they prefer. If one tells them what you are paying them so much money for will they make sure of it? If people say why workers fled and come to serve will powers of exterior support make sure of it? How are products and services sourced? The goal is developing what they are and say into earning a living. May you be productive and free. Productive Self-Governing Citizens is the goal. But the fruit of the Spirit is Love, Joy, Peace, Kindness, Goodness, Faithfulness, Gentleness, Self-Control, against such there is no law. From verse 22 of 5th Galatians. We need to develop a science of how to develop into productivity influences such as ones who plan to make a secure continual living on wrong human development and gain business by giving bad advice. I work with providers who elevate by educating and providing quality living. Hoping this information brings freedom. While researching I asked a man, "If someone hit you would you work?" He said, "Of course No." Someone who was trying to run people's lives on the basis of his thinking which was invalid reasoning said he has been doing so with everyone else's life before mine which could explain the long recession. Cries of wrong doing bring the response, "He will get his." share. Choosing your own course and sticking with your own course lets people know you choose your path in behalf of others and the earth. 

Biological feedback equipment can detect body functions and transmit discomfort causing one to buy relief eliminating brains putting dictators in power. All energy is convertible to useful energy. Redirect to honest earnings. Discourage stock in over the counter repair and profits from other repair also which may be used to cause further need of repair. Biofeedback equipment can also detect the professor's movements, steal the consciousness off the brains of the students, and lip read as it did during the draft. Not having studied a dictator's thinking has no educational foundation but is propaganda which violates the laws of logic, if-then-therefore, and the laws of reasoning, deductive and inductive, or is not supported by evidence. Example of violations of the laws of logic and reasoning: The conclusion that violates the laws of reasoning, which are stated in chapter one of plane geometry, at the end of paragraph fifty-two of the Unabomber Manifesto is based upon two violations of the laws of logic in the Unabomber Manifesto. We need national defense to support citizens earning an honest living. Combat does not prevent communism but is the cause as in China after the Boxer Rebellion and in Russia after loss of manpower after combat. America has been in a thirty year recession from which America is just coming out. The military need not feel it needs to develop people into needing to be controlled for military job security. Raphael said, "It is easy to get two people sitting next to each other fighting. Someone hits one over the back of the head. He thinks it is the other and hits the other over the head." The more one hits the other over the head the more one is hit over the back of the head because the one hit over the back of the head always thinks it is the other. Is fighting good for wrong human development profiteering businesses the business of war driving the whole world crazy for love of profit and power? Others may win at their own game drawing big powers into the conflict on their side by making the other look in the wrong. Appearing as they really are is covered to a communist who can exterior support phony appearances of innocence and peace. Yes, Communists are wrong human development profiteers, profiting from people living on their own and others' wrong human development by living on support from others. However, reverse logic is not valid logic therefore not proving all wrong human development profiteers to be communist but still living on wrong human development profiteering. What portion of our taxes support wrong human development profiteering? Pet control may be used to convert people to support wrong human development profiteering. What defense does an innocent pet made to look in the wrong have?

If the China military earned a living on world unity the China military could support world unity. If the world militaries earned a living supporting world unity the world militaries could support the China military supporting world unity. Would a military government leader maintain power by sturring up trouble with other military forces in the world? Some military personnel have been using military power to cross over their circle of past exterior controlled what not to dos for the purpose of being supported to dictate. World wrong human development is world military dictatorship. 

As a result of events in biblical recorded history, "And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our sister be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them." we have many keepers of the gate. To quote a keeper of the gate, " I was just trying to turn you into a keeper of the gate." adding the explanation heaven needed a gate keeper. Gate keepers, co-dependent upon wrong human development, how many gate keepers do we need? One wrong human development profiteer communicated he could only make a living on what he deserved.

Education is the foundation for governing, an educated citizenry being qualified to self-govern. Equipment used to bypass studying deletes qualifications to govern. One does not want one who did not study telling anyone what to do. Would military personnel gain job security, fame, and dictatorship by attacking the people while making another peoples look responsible? Does world trade decrease the business of war? Is an act of war good for the business of war? For military power and profits how easy is it to get people from the same country on airplanes? A new department of the reserves adapting military to civilian earnings needs military support by being rewarding. How was the radar over the Pentagon and on top of the world trade buildings functioning? The Doctors both physical and mental will have lots of work curing the elderly and military who profit by communism and profit by supporting the dictatorship side of a conflict as a result of people being attacked by one side of a conflict who makes the other side look like the attacker. Please contract the military to recognize and establish their own good behavior toward citizens of Democracy and developing Democracies though advancing world Democracy closes military bases. World good human development will put the military out of work. The military since their existence is the result of wrong human development may need positive directing by the government of self-governing peoples. 

We need to be managing the military and helping military personnel adapt. Emergency response has already been tried. Emergencies can be created. Peaceful border control needs to continue being in the hand of people who benefit from peace. Protection is developing others into meeting needs productively. Many meet their needs by pity and believe they are doing others a favor by meeting other's needs by pity also causing bawling for a living while coming between one and one's right to earn a living. What does, "Give'em the business." mean? National conflict changing heads of households from men to elderly will not be necessary. Communism thrives by giving bad advice. Elderly who experience their needs are met because families are divided may divide families to meet their needs. Thank you for protecting people from wrong human development advice for supporting militaries, for supporting wrong human development profiteers, for eliminating the competition for quality elderly care, and to fission families into service to them all. Is all abuse and terror good for wrong human development profiteering? Does polluting eliminate the competition? 

Thank you for educating people out of being exterior controlled to prevent too overeducated to become slaves. Elderly care by the community means elderly receive care by the good human community development they have developed and are developing. In the past elderly may have learned to have their needs met in conditions of snowballing wrong human development while these conditions were not good for the rest of society. Please redirect to Democracy Elderly Care. For continued quality elderly care society needs to be strong. Powers for exterior support will no longer count elderly as big power for dictatorship that is supported by the people's labors. The ElderlyAirChairBedBath has air chambers opening and closing over a tussah wash toilet, air chambers that rock the ElderlyAirChairBedBath back and forth like a ball, and air chambers that adjust pressure and position. Modesty is assured with body suits that open in the back accompanied by pull-over or pull-around shorts. My elderly care employer loved caring for elderly as though they were dolls in a doll house. 

Since the constitution places the people over the military not the military over the people as citizens we need to manage a military containing some air force personnel using military power and time to work in behalf of their God who they plan to come and tell everyone what to do with the help of the military the military attacking people's brains making limitations that people will loose their freedom to wrong human development profiteers helping tell people what to do also, some people being told to attack other people's brains that others can receive the same financial reward system by living on the people. Is it safe in the air? Biofeedback equipment used to steal the consciousness off people's brains leaves the population defenseless to a dictator's inability to reason, the inability to reason used as power to control to wrong. Having brains is the legal definition of life. No one wants to be a robot. For the inability to logic and reason to attempt to seduce others into joining them brains may have been attacked first. The night of the hits I dreamed one form with many faces said, "We proved we have the power to hit. Now you have to do whatever we say." If one lets them control the plane, where will it go? Since power is their goal doing what they say gives them power. Dictators have not studied. If they had they would know better. Do those who develop thieves expect to be exterior supported? Is the leader of thieves a thief? Was national defense stolen by thieves for their defense and applied to the power of thieves? When around the corner within walking distance the sermon after the attack was about how the terror attack was driving people to God and they hoped we did not need too many more of these things before people turned to God I knew the predator ate the shepherd and his wife the medical attendant was feeding on the flock abused bodies medical profiteers masterminding terror and war for a profit. The attack was holy terror dictatorship that needs to be exterior supported. Predators among the flock may jointly think it is all just a con to get people to be good, however, the flock was gathered and founded upon teachings which are good society development and good human development, therefore, people are good. As a child I was greatful to my flock and thought others were greatful to their flock as I was greatful to my mother and they were greatful to their's. I thought it was all just non-monopoly. Greed may count upon other's greed joining in. Predators among the flocks may cause wrongdoing between the flocks to destroy. Productive creative human development is heaven on earth and heaven in the future. Are they afraid to come out and work the only thing they can make a living on being to drive society crazy? A lay minister may be a wrong human development profiteer. Where was the sermon we went to hear? Dictatorship is based upon violations of the laws of intelligent thought processes. Punish-mental persons setting others up to be accused my give dictators power over workers acquiring labor to support telling peoples what to and not to do. Telling people what to and not to do does not support itself. Men who are warriors may be supported instead of supporting leaving the work to the woman and others. Raphael said, "When white man came to America they found woman doing all the work and thought they could improve on a system like that." and "Treat a tramp like a lady and treat a lady like a tramp." Raphael also said, "I hate self-righteous people." Intelligence is slandered when F grades are switched to A grades resulting in wrong thinking it is right and people saying intelligence is dangerous. The F grade thinking it is right is a dictator needing to be freed from bossing people. Good looking dictators may be used by powers of exterior support because good looking is supposed to be able to get away with bossing. An F grade may mess up thought processes with intent. Function on an education, not on what an F grade says. Education functions. The amount of punish-mental ness is equal to the amount of need for war profits. How is punish-mental ness used to fuel war? Have punish-mental people made punishment look like suicide in the past? Can punishment be made to look like suicide bombing? Does people being harmed while going after a suspect embarrass some out of going after the real guilty party? 

The King's job was to protect his kingdom. Not being naive was a requirement for his job. A king had to know his sociology. The king had to see to all the needs of his people. Being king was not a job for complacency or dictating. If being king began to look like exterior support or dictating to people in his kingdom who he allowed hunger for exterior support and dictating, exterior supported dictatorship, he lost his job and his kingdom. Some Military personnel may be trapped by unconsciousness into the only way they can have their needs met. Rasputin may have been already needing exterior physical electrical processes support. If the Czar's relatives and Czararina Alexandria had scientific knowledge we have today they may have been able to give Rasputin life and protected by adjusting exterior enforcements thus permitting plus teaching others to meet their needs productively. We may all have our own Rasputins controlling by unconsciousness who can live without personal physical energy processes better than anyone else while living for attention and be working on solutions. The more exterior what not to dos they are given the more exterior support they need. Exterior what not to dos and exterior support are attention and can be mistaken for love. At school one child punched another child in the tummy and then threw himself down kicking and screaming as if he was the one punched. Was I supposed to accuse the other person? A false prophet is one prophesying the results of their own punishing. A genius whose contribution is valuable to the world is exempt from the draft. All science is repeatable. The scientific method applied may acquire results you may publish of your own. Wrong human development profiteering may make more profits than most anyone else but takes value out of currency. 

Professional Adaptation Education from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development needed. One wrong human development major minored in adaptation to good human development. Hopefully in the future there will be a law requiring alternative sources of income for wrong human development profiteers. Forever innocence investigated forever is forever pay. Professional adaptation causes less competition for people living on wrong human development. What can be done for the policeman who is mad at innocence because what will he do for money? Professional Adaptation Please. Protect your child from being turned into a wrong human development profiteer by wrong human development profiteers because your child is good. A separate interested party seeing to the future of children that does not earn a living on wrong human development is needed. 


Futurentology. 

Scientific Peace Formula. 

Quality Parenting and Teaching equals Democracy. Researcher Janet Hartwick. Thank You for GREAT SERVICE ! ! ! Thank You Minute Women and Minute Men. Intellectual Materials Copyright. My Testimony in Peace Parenting Written 1996 and Published, updated. 

Prosperity spread through many lands during a time of great depression as a result of the people being taught the teachings of their three great prophets Abraham teaching one God, Moses teaching the ten commandments, and Jesus teaching the first and second great commandments 'Thou salt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it. Thou salt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the laws of the prophets.' by Mohammad who joined a camel caravan at the age of fourteen. How easy is it for the anti-Christ to get two peoples who believe in the teachings of Jesus fighting? 


Wrong human development profiteers accusing and gaining prey by the legal process, sometimes holding court, and eating the results is cannibalism. Cannibals hate "self-righteous" people and accuse the other before being accused especially when having done something wrong. What does a cannibal call winning? What does friends and popularity mean to a cannibal? How does a cannibal play on people's good intentions? How does a cannibal play on people's obedience and duty to job? Would they choose a thief for their leader? Whose profit system is harming people? Is a cannibal in love with being crazy for profit with a social life? One person's complaint of being abused while the abuser was pointing a finger at her and calling her crazy received the response the abuser's family was in the mental health business and they could only make a living on what they were winning at what they were better than anyone else their considering her sanity a hard nut to crack. While they are inflicting people with their inability to reason, they are willing to be paid to give the cure to see things their way by forcing people to talk to the inability to reason. The opening Pandora's box look of "Let them do anything they want?" excuse for punishing indicates lack of leadership, lack of supervision, lack of providing positive choices of things to be doing, lack of providing, lack of providing and being good companionship, and lack of education in enjoying the good things in life. Does an extended related family member of mental health profiteers joining a religion and making a phony marriage unwanted by the bride who was engaged when she did not want to be as a result of hearing herself say yes against her wishes to his, "This is your last chance. Will you marry me?" with a two night honeymoon of falling asleep watching him sit in an easy chair in a dark room with the light of the T.V. facing him reflect his shape preceding fainting regularly after having the flue for over a month to come to, to see him come through the room door bare-chested holding a plunger, that was alibied with darling artificially inseminated children acquired by standing on one's head while assuming for four years he came home at night not being able to wait up till midnight for another year his not being there when she awoke during the four years and deceiving the people into opening Pandora's box to control a person out of real marriage where she learned microscopic does not always mean not seen upon sight with years of not having the flue after years of having the flue back into a phony marriage but really into twenty-four hour three hundred and sixty-five day a year live-in elderly care eliminate the competition for elderly care, Sunday the day of rest, in behalf of dictatorship? Since the person pulling the phony marriage after presenting himself as being single is already married and can not marry again, the single person they pull a phony marriage upon is married without the other person being married to them. Asking to prove a phony marriage may result in revengeful wild accusations. Another purpose for pulling a phony marriage may have been to make marriage look like exterior control abuse making doing right look like the result of exterior control abuse and doing wrong looking better than wrongful abuse to change wrong to right making doing wrong look justified. Revenge upon people who do not believe in harming people or doing revenge is harming without being harmed back. Pulling a phony marriage upon descendants of Abraham because Abraham's Grandson Jacob had two wives, Rachel and Leah, for revenge upon plural marriage is upon people of a different time and different circumstances. When Raphael said it was a fact that he hated his mother I did not know he belonged to a group of motherhood hater mental health profiteers seeking power. Not being judge-mental because one sees their own wrong doing does not mean people are judge-mental because they are innocent. Having knowledge in behavior management, a husband does not need to be so afraid of behavior he keeps his wife in bed every day by placing his fingers on her pressure points while she sleeps or if caught sprinkles dehydrated rattle snake venom on her bed sheets. Communism and religion do not mix. Democracy elderly care is good for the people. Let's lead and provide. Discipline discipl(in)e , meaning disciple of, is being positively engaged in enriching activities. Mary the mother of Baby Jesus was artificially inseminated other babies of artificial insemination not being alone. 

This script is sent to you without request for purse. Anyone asking for purse may be fueling wrong behavior. Raising the market may attract the notice of wrong human development profiteers placing themselves in your hands the hands of professional adaptation rather than you in theirs for a living. Anyone calling saying they represent me, it is not true but representatives of the records switchers seeking financing for highly expensive constant moral physical financial and spiritual abuse to drive workers to live in elderly service. Warnings have turned to promises of physical abuse to support the medical profession living on taxes to support communism and to support people needing money to pay the medical profession by working for communists, slander and slave, being slandered and abused out of other work, and turned to spiritual dictating by suspected threat of abuse to back-seat drive people's lives . Feel free to generate upon any of my work. Do give all sources credit. Permission to Copy, Publish, and Broadcast. 

Where there abused bodies medical profiteers in the Donner Party resulting in the Donner Party being trapped at Donner Summit? Please check the descendants of the Donner Party that settled below the snow line in California. How are they profitting? The related extended family members of military psychiatrist Dr. Hamm and his former wife of Woodside Way Auburn California have given and plan to give me the business following me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings evil spiriting harm. One can tell a cheating spirit because it will disagree with the text book. The related family members of their friend Mr. Cook were there too. If one says to a suspected spiritual dictator who would not be sitting there watching them working in a place of productivity other than they knew the worker would be there that perhaps he does not like strangers telling him what to do so he can see how others do not like strangers telling them what to do the dictator may dictate he was talked to for someone to say this and dictate the person is not allowed to talk to people. Another person following the worker to the place of productivity and conducting a booming conversation with someone equally not working may complain he was talked to when the worker suggests another place to carry on loud conversations. Are they giving others the business also? Did they bring with them the person who was angry at people in eastern USA. Did the military follow me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings spiritually dictating, robbing my time, and leaving signs of physical abuse? Did descendents of the Donner Party follow me by military transport? The military is over twenty percent of the nation's pollution. Early in the 1980's Susan Sweet said, "In 1984 the pigs will take over the world." Susan Sweet also said, "I love to hate." I did not know what she meant. In 1984 calling to make an order with the food co-op Susan started I told her I had helped my nieces and nephews move to the city of Vacaville California where their father could be closer to work instead of continuing to make a long commute. I also told her we had gone to family fishing day at Folsom Lake. Since I had been placed in the care of a sick abusive person as a child I told Susan I had made sure my children were in good care and others might be advised to be sure of the same. Did Susan Sweet override my caution? Did Susan cause the pigs to take over the world? The imposter may be a pig. No one will believe or knows how to address a military pilot formerly of closed Mather Air Force Base who is angry Democracy closed his base down and has abused me for the last ten years by military power because my profession is good human development which results in Democracy is the real Terrorist and succeeded in terror bringing in war profits to support him and his life style and others who live his life style but please prevent him from further acts of terror. I have been abused and if I am abused by him for his profits and others who join him for profits who else are they abusing military war games not needing to play both sides having real Democracy to play spiritual and physical war upon? Please disconnect power of the military over the labor force to reveal exterior supported phony appearances supporting exterior supported phony appearances. I have been followed by wrong human development profiteers. Please protect me and others from abuse and terror by war profiteers. Their acts of terror really did result in war. How much more terror to bring in war profits does he need? The military living on communism instead of being successful fighting communism, they will live on terror instead of being successful fighting terror giving the appearance of fighting terror to cause terror. Please protect the nations in the future from terror to stur up war thus causing loss of man power which causes communism which supports militaries. Were the terrorists seduced by the dark side? Is immorality nothing more than wanting attention, attention being mistaken for love and having needs met? While walking past Dr. Hamm's house on my way to college when his second son walked up to me and said he had touched everyone and everything in a marital way and everyone else was doing it also so would I do it with him I was naive to think people could stop him since they would not want him to touch him. I said I heard touching a frog gives warts. He also said his father knows the only reason people are nice is because they have alterior motives. He said marriage was only selfish female security. Did he think by his extended related family members pulling phony marriage to destroy marriage that then people would want to touch him? Touching everyone and everything in a marital way or wrongful abuse to change wrong to right may be the only two options they see for themselves 

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Unapproved Reader Submissions
Headline: BTTR moment of silence w/correct info
Subheadline:  
Author: fcf@fiu.edu
&nbsp;

 Brothers to the Rescue (BTTR) was founded in 1991 to spot rafters in the Florida Straits, and save their lives. Amnesty International's Holly Ackerman co-authored a monograph on Cuban rafters indicating that as many as 100,000 Cuban rafters have died trying to flee Castro. On July 13, 1994, four Cuban government boats equipped with high-pressure water hoses attacked an old tugboat that was fleeing Cuba with 72 people on board. The massacre took place seven miles off the Cuban coast. They attacked the runaway tug with their prows while at the same time spraying everyone on the deck of the boat, including women and children, with pressurized water. The old boat sank, with a toll of 41 dead, including ten minors. This was not an isolated event the regime has a history of committing such atrocities. One year later a memorial flotilla for the victims was forced to turn back. At the moment that the hull of the lead boat was partially crushed, BTTR planes flew over Havana dropping bumper stickers that read "Comrades No. Brothers." 

The FBI busted up a Cuban spy network in 1998 that infiltrated U.S. military installations, obtained home addresses of U.S. military officers, and successfully conspired to murder four Americans in an act of state terrorism.  Fifteen Cuban agents arrested by the FBI had infiltrated and filed detailed reports on the U.S. Southern Command and the Boca Chica Naval Air Station. Not to mention the case of Ana Belen Montes, the high-ranking Defense Intelligence Agency analyst arrested shortly after 911 who pleaded guilty to spying against America for Castro.

What does a Cuban spy network have to do with the BTTR shoot down of February 24, 1996? Fidel Castro was humiliated by the BTTR over flights and began to plot his revenge using his spies to gather information on BTTR and a plot that eight months after the over flight ended when Cuban MiGs blew two Brothers to the Rescue planes to bits murdering Armando Alejandre Jr. (FIU, class of 1988), Mario de la Pea, Carlos Costa, and Pablo Morales. Fidel Castro personally took responsibility for the destruction of the planes.  The goal was to destroy all three planes, and then have Pablo Roque appear as the lone survivor to offer his "testimony", but with one plane's survival and recordings of routine communications with Cuban government air traffic controllers as well as the fact that the two destroyed planes flight paths were outside Cuban national airspace the conspiracy unraveled. 
If low-tech spy networks like the one broken up in Miami engaged in a conspiracy that was in fact an act of state terrorism that generated an international incident, then what of a sophisticated infiltration into the highest reaches of the U.S. defense intelligence establishment by Ana Belen Montes? Fidel Castro's statements during his May 2001 visit to Iran may offer a clue: "Today, there is a king in the world a thousand times stronger than the shah you overthrew, and that is the imperialist king living next to my homeland, however, this imperialist king will finally fall, just as your king was overthrown." Fidel Castro confessed to an act of state terrorism, and the U.S. government still has not indicted him or the men who pulled the trigger on February 24, 1996 murdering Armando an FIU alumnus, Mario, Carlos, and Pablo. The best way to encourage terrorism is to let terrorists get away with murder. Please join us on February 24 at 3:15pm at the main fountain at FIU-UP campus for a moment of silence to mark the seven minutes exactly seven years ago when both planes were blown up. 

John J. Suarez
Free Cuba Foundation
Graham Center 340
305-595-3346
Biology  - Special Student
(already finished undergrad degree starting on graduate program)




******************************************
******************************************

Section: Unapproved Reader Submissions
Headline: Brothers to the Rescue moment of silence
Subheadline:  
Author: freecubanow@hotmail.com
&nbsp;

 Brothers to the Rescue (BTTR) was founded in 1991 to spot rafters in the Florida Straits, and save their lives. Amnesty International's Holly Ackerman co-authored a monograph on Cuban rafters indicating that as many as 100,000 Cuban rafters have died trying to flee Castro. On July 13, 1994, four Cuban government boats equipped with high-pressure water hoses attacked an old tugboat that was fleeing Cuba with 72 people on board. The massacre took place seven miles off the Cuban coast. They attacked the runaway tug with their prows while at the same time spraying everyone on the deck of the boat, including women and children, with pressurized water. The old boat sank, with a toll of 41 dead, including ten minors. This was not an isolated event the regime has a history of committing such atrocities. One year later a memorial flotilla for the victims was forced to turn back. At the moment that the hull of the lead boat was partially crushed, BTTR planes flew over Havana dropping bumper stickers that read "Comrades No. Brothers." 

The FBI busted up a Cuban spy network in 1998 that infiltrated U.S. military installations, obtained home addresses of U.S. military officers, and successfully conspired to murder four Americans in an act of state terrorism.  Fifteen Cuban agents arrested by the FBI had infiltrated and filed detailed reports on the U.S. Southern Command and the Boca Chica Naval Air Station. Not to mention the case of Ana Belen Montes, the high-ranking Defense Intelligence Agency analyst arrested shortly after 911 who pleaded guilty to spying against America for Castro.

What does a Cuban spy network have to do with the BTTR shoot down of February 24, 1996? Fidel Castro was humiliated by the BTTR over flights and began to plot his revenge using his spies to gather information on BTTR and a plot that eight months after the over flight ended when Cuban MiGs blew two Brothers to the Rescue planes to bits murdering Armando Alejandre Jr. (FIU, class of 1988), Mario de la Pea, Carlos Costa, and Pablo Morales. Fidel Castro personally took responsibility for the destruction of the planes.  The goal was to destroy all three planes, and then have Pablo Roque appear as the lone survivor to offer his "testimony", but with one plane's survival and recordings of routine communications with Cuban government air traffic controllers as well as the fact that the two destroyed planes flight paths were outside Cuban national airspace the conspiracy unraveled. 

If low-tech spy networks like the one broken up in Miami engaged in a conspiracy that was in fact an act of state terrorism that generated an international incident, then what of a sophisticated infiltration into the highest reaches of the U.S. defense intelligence establishment by Ana Belen Montes? Fidel Castro's statements during his May 2001 visit to Iran may offer a clue: "Today, there is a king in the world a thousand times stronger than the shah you overthrew, and that is the imperialist king living next to my homeland, however, this imperialist king will finally fall, just as your king was overthrown." 

Fidel Castro confessed to an act of state terrorism, and the U.S. government still has not indicted him or the men who pulled the trigger on February 24, 1996 murdering Armando an FIU alumnus, Mario, Carlos, and Pablo. The best way to encourage terrorism is to let terrorists get away with murder. Please join us on February 24 at 3:15pm at the main fountain at FIU-UP campus for a moment of silence to mark the seven minutes exactly seven years ago when both planes were blown up. 


******************************************
******************************************

Section: Unapproved Reader Submissions
Headline: interested in writting
Subheadline:  
Author: jcflores69@hotmail.com
&nbsp;
i am very interested in writting for the news paper from a political stand point. i would love to send you my resume if you are interested in knowing my experiance
thank you for your time
juan carlos flores

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Sports
Headline: Recruiting: from faxes to phone calls, the process never ends
Author: Daniel Izquierdo
&nbsp;
A screeching fax machine in early February can only signify one thing to those involved with college football and its recruiting process - it's over...for now. By no means does recruiting end with the faxing of letters of intent last week. Instead it is already taking place for next year, and the year after that. 

The process that most describe as nerve-wrecking includes attending summer camps, taking phone calls, visits and receiving correspondence as early as ninth or tenth grade. 

"During my freshman and sophomore year in high school, schools would send me letters telling me about themselves," quarterback Jamie Burke said. "That's all they do at this point because they can't really talk to you at this time." The NCAA and its governing body implement rules that prohibit coaches from speaking with a player until May of his junior year as well as different periods that specify when and how a recruit may be contacted. These rules are not exclusive to coaches but do include boosters and so-called "friends of the program," who are responsible for rules violations a majority of the time.

While a recruit may be unable to establish contact with a recruiter or coach until after his junior season, he may, however, attend a coach's summer camp. "We have a lot of teams that come to our Air Strike Camp and some of our recruits have attended the camp," head coach Don Strock, who runs a 7-on-7 camp every summer, said. "It has been very helpful for us."

While Burke admits that he did not spend time putting golf balls in Steve Spurrier's office like Eric Shelton, a former recruit who ended up signing with Florida State in 2001 did, he still felt a sense of importance over the others that attended. "If he wanted someone to teach the others how to do something, he would ask me and a few others," said Burke, who did not take an official visit to Florida because he was already set on FIU. 

"It's really a good way for them to meet you if they can't talk to you yet, and you get to show what you can do." 

A student-athlete can rack up quite a bit of mileage during the recruiting process, primarily the summer between their junior and senior years of high school. Just ask defensive end Josh Alexander, who blazed quite a trail after his 11th grade baseball season, taking unofficial visits to Georgia Tech while attending camps at UF, Clemson and FSU, where he won co-defensive MVP. "I think summer camps are a great recruiting ploy," Alexander, who described recruiters as "used car salesmen," said. "It is really exhausting but it is also a great experience." 

Once all these contacts are established and evaluations take place, it is then time to hit the road again. Players take visits, which can be either unofficial or official, the latter being limited to 48 hours by the NCAA.  Some institutions have a staff made up of female students that show these young men around searching for their commitment and eventually a signature on a letter of intent. While some schools take players to parties, that are at times set up because of their visit, others choose to make it more of a bonding experience, in which the current players can get to know the recruit. Shelton signed at FSU because that was the only school that did not throw people at him pretending to know who he was. 

Others have almost signed with someone else because of how much they partied on their visits. Kevin Jones being a prime example, an eventual Virginia Tech signee almost chose Penn State because of his social interactions while on campus. 

FIU chooses to make it more of a personal experience in which players get to know the recruit and vice versa. A typical visit to the University Park campus includes flying in on Friday afternoon and being greeted by the coaching staff and academic advisors. Following their meeting with university staff and coaches, the potential student-athletes will go to Don Shula's Steakhouse for dinner with the coaches. Saturday night will consist of some players taking the prospects for a night out on the town. 
Even though dinner with the coaches is not restricted, hosts are permitted $30 a night to show recruits around. "We try to take them to nice places, usually South Beach and Coconut Grove, showing them what it would be like to come to FIU," Alexander said. "It is usually a nice family environment and we're not allowed to take them to any bad places like strip clubs." 

The visit will conclude Sunday with a scholarship offer if the program deems the student-athlete worthy of one. Though a recruit may offer to sign with a certain university, he has only done so verbally. A verbal commitment is non-binding.

Intensity increases with every passing day in the recruiting process and magnifies tenfold once the late autumn months of an athlete's senior year roll around. "Depending on how many schools are after you it can get pretty bad," Burke said. "I would usually get at least two phone calls a day." Another highly sought after prospect that can attest to that is newly hired running backs' coach Tony Nathan. "It got to a point that I wouldn't give anyone my phone number or my girlfriend's phone number," Nathan, who played at the University of Alabama, said. Even though it may seem as if the process has to come to an end, it has merely been halted for a short period of time. There is constant correspondence being sent out to recruits year round. Every school has different methods and tactics, but rest assured that coach Strock has his assistants checking up with their assigned high schools even while he is at Pebble Beach for the week. The moment you sign your latest class, you've already been working on next year's. 

"The most intense part of recruiting is December, January, and the days in February leading up to signing day because that is when everyone takes their visits," Strock said. "But we always send out cards just to let them know we're here."

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Sports
Headline: Men's basketball loses twice
Subheadline: Two losses come by combined three points
Author: Daisy Fernandez
&nbsp;
The Golden Panthers extended their losing streak to eight, as the team was defeated by both Arkansas-Little Rock and Arkansas State. Both games were lost by less than three points last week at Golden Panther Arena.

Arkansas Little Rock 46, FIU 45

Guard Junior Matias and forward Belco Bamba started the scoring for FIU. The first half saw two ties with nine minutes left - one at 9-9, the other at 11-11. Matias achieved double figures late in the first half and recorded a career-high of 25 points, the highest of the contest. The Trojans took their largest advantage of eight points at the 17th minute, until a three-pointer by guard Slavcho Slavtchev closed the half at 17-24.
Throughout the second period, each team battled to up the score. With 12 minutes left, FIU tried to comeback with a 17-7 run. In the last three minutes of the game, the Golden Panthers trailed by seven. With under a minute left, FIU raised the score, 43-46.   

Tension spread through the arena as forward/center Nikola Novakovic made a two-pointer that increased FIU's chances to win at the 0:19 mark. Eulis Baez fouled Trojan Mark Green, but time prevented the Golden Panthers from carefully executing the play that would change the outcome of the game.

The Golden Panthers surpassed the Trojans in rebounds and steals. Bamba achieved 10 rebounds, and as a whole, the team stole 12 passes.   

Arkansas State 67, FIU 65

ASU's nine three-pointers allowed the Indians to establish a 16-point lead in the first half. Baez tried to reduce FIU's deficit by contributing 13 points in the period. By the game's end, he had tallied the highest points, 23. 

Despite trailing by 13 after halftime, 38-25, FIU came back to as little as one point with less than three minutes left. Indian Tevoris Thompson responded with a three-pointer and FIU increased the score, 66-64, on six free throws.

As the game closed, Carlos Morban was given two foul shots. He made one and purposely missed the other, on hopes that one of his teammates would rebound and sink the basket. The Indians, however, seized the ball and won, 67-65. 

The Indians' highest scorer was Paris London, who managed 16 points. From the floor, ASU shot 53 percent as opposed to FIU's 38 percent. 
Morban's game-high six assists did not help the disappointing end of the Golden Panthers.

The team has dropped to 6-15, 0-8 Sun Belt Conference. 

FIU will next face South Alabama on Thursday night.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Sports
Headline: Football signs newest class
Subheadline: Team signs 11 players, 9 from South Florida
Author: Daniel Izquierdo
&nbsp;
The names of upper echelon football programs rolled off the tongue of head coach Don Strock so often that, had it not been for the blue and white background bearing the Golden Panthers' insignia, one might have forgotten where they were. FIU completed its third year of recruiting with the signing of 11 players, many of which were clearly Division 1-A caliber. 

Among those who faxed their national letters of intent to FIU were players that will address immediate needs for the Panthers, such as run defense, kicking and a true center to help a line that struggled picking up blitzes last season. 

Heading the Golden Panthers' class was linebacker Antwan Barnes, who was courted by Florida State, Florida and Louisiana State, but chose FIU because of its close proximity to home. After helping Miami Norland to a state title, Barnes was named a first team all-Florida selection. "This guy is one of the top 100 players in the state and let's just say, "we're very happy to have him," Strock said. "He is also a two-time district wrestling champion, which means he has some physical toughness."

Making his way south to join Barnes is teammate and best friend Alexander Bostic, who chose FIU over Troy State and Western Michigan. The two have been playing together since optimist league and have always invited the idea of playing together at this level. "Both of these guys can run, so that area has been addressed," Strock said. "We're thinking about playing some 34 [3-4] defense, then Bostic and Barnes will have an immediate impact."

In addition to Barnes and Bostic, FIU was able to round up such gems as Chris Patullo. He is classified as an athlete and "jack of all trades" by Strock because of the fact that he will play kicker and receiver, and has also played quarterback. The academically inclined Patullo, who is a potential engineering major boasts a 4.3 GPA and an SAT score over 1200, chose FIU because of the coaches and its growth potential within the next few years. FIU also offered him the opportunity to kick and play the slot as a receiver, something that Boston College, Purdue, South Florida and schools inside the Ivy League, did not. "This is definitely a place that I can spend the next four or five years," Patullo said.

Others expected to make immediate contributions are wide receiver Stephon Walker and Mike Alvarez. Walker is 5-11, 160 pounds and has been clocked at 4.5 in the 40-yard dash. Despite being sought after by Air Force and Colorado State, the St. Thomas Aquinas senior chose to become a  Golden Panther. "Someone like Stephon Walker can definitely help us out on offense," Strock said.

Alvarez has been a three-year starter at Hialeah Miami-Lakes and was named to the Herald's Miami-Dade county first team. A 6-2, 295 pound center, he will definitely help the Panthers upfront with the reading of blitz packages, a definite deficiency a year ago that Coach Strock feels he has addressed with the signing of Alvarez.

Coach Strock also cited the fact that most players do not want to leave South Florida (11 are from the area) and that he and his staff got a lot of their number one choices. The coach made a passing reference to the newly gained respect by FIU in the community because of a recent conversation with St. Thomas Aquinas Head Coach George Smith. 
"A few years ago he would not have recommended that someone like Stephon Walker come to FIU, but now you look at some of the players that we are getting, we must be doing something right," Strock added. 

FORMER DOLPHIN NAMED TO COACHING STAFF

Tony Nathan, a former Miami Dolphins' running back, was named to Coach Strock's staff shortly before the signing day proceedings took place Wednesday morning. 

Nathan attended the University of Alabama where he had a brilliant career for the Crimson Tide prior to moving on to the NFL where he played nine seasons (1979-87). The two-time Super Bowl participant became a coach with the Dolphins in 1988. He held his coaching post with Miami until 1995 before going to work for Tony Dungy in Tampa Bay from 1996 to 2002. 

The 1979 AP All-NFL first-team kick returner is looking forward to working with FIU's running backs and hopes the feeling is mutual."This is exciting,"said Nathan, who most recently worked as an assistant coach at Dade Christian high school on a volunteer basis, said. "This is all very exciting."

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Sports
Headline: FIU falls to UM 12-7, defeats No. 25 UCF
Author: Daniel Izquierdo
&nbsp;
The Golden Panthers renewed the team's annual rivalry with the Miami Hurricanes in a heated contest during which a brawl broke out.
FIU also faced another nationally ranked opponent in UCF.

Miami 12, FIU 7

The final out in the top of the sixth inning brought about a few things: closure to a frame in which FIU took a 7-6 lead over Miami on a bases-clearing double by Bryan Pullin, newly-found life for the Golden Panthers' pitching staff and a near bench-clearing brawl. A failed first and third steal attempt by the Panthers resulted in the ball being cut off by Miami shortstop Paco Figueroa, who quickly sent the ball back to where it had come from, nailing Pullin at the plate. 

While this play ended the inning, its repercussions were felt after Pullin steamrolled UM catcher Erik San Pedro. Following the umpire's out call, San Pedro jumped up in jubilation and ran into a brick wall - Fernando Alvarez, who started FIU's rally with a solo homerun. He was up to bat at the time of the play after the Panthers were able to hit around.  Tempers flared, words were exchanged and an exodus of players from each bench had to be restrained by their respective coaches, who eventually stood between the teams while cooler heads prevailed. 

"I was trying to get a run, trying to be aggressive," Pullin, who was ejected along with UM's Jim Burt following the altercation, said. "I wasn't trying to be dirty about it or anything, I was just trying to score. The next thing I know my team was all around me."

Even though no fight evolved, the Hurricanes wound up fighting back the next half inning with their aluminum, scoring six runs on four hits, with the help of four bases on balls and one balk. FIU was unable to muster any runs on Miami's closer J.D. Cockroft, dropping their first game of the season 12-7 Wednesday at Mark Light Field before a crowd of 4,032.

"It was an emotional game," Golden Panthers head coach Danny Price said. "We grabbed the lead, but we just couldn't hold onto it. We have to learn to keep our cool in situations like that."

FIU pitchers were unable to establish any kind of rhythm as Miami was on the board early and often. Starter Frank Gonzalez, a true-freshman walk-on from Monsignor Pace, allowed four runs in two innings before being pulled by Price in lieu of Arthur Santos. "I wasn't able to hit my spots and left the fastball up and in the middle," Gonzalez, who cited a lack of susceptibility to nervousness, balked twice early on. "I knew coming out that it was just like facing any other team, I just missed some spots with my fastball and they hurt me."

Santos came out in the sixth inning with no outs and three runners to his name after walking two and hitting one. It took two more pitchers, Derek Taylor and Luis Gazitua, to finish off the bottom of the sixth inning with the latter getting all three outs. Freshman and Miami native Ammer Cabrera and Manuel Monreal threw two scoreless innings, the eighth and ninth respectively. 

Price's Panthers got on the board for the first time Wednesday night when catcher Michael New, who had 2 RBI as a result of his lone base hit of the night, drove in Ricardo Nanita and Alvarez. 

FIU went on to score five more runs, all of which came in the sixth inning, before losing the lead to Miami in the bottom of the sixth. The Golden Panthers batted around in an inning that featured a solo home run by Alvarez, who led off the inning and Skip Adams scored on a Luis Rivera single, before Pullin capped the inning off with a three-run double.

FIU 8, UCF 7

FIU came back from an early deficit and later, held on to defeat No. 25 Central Florida 8-7, Saturday afternoon in Orlando, Fla.
The Golden Knights went ahead early in the first inning when outfielder David Mann hit a single to left center, advanced to second base on a sacrifice bunt, stole third and was batted in by outfielder Dee Brown.
UCF added two more runs in the second inning behind outfielder Ryan Bear who tripled to right center, and infielder P.J. Lehman singled to left center, scoring him. Mann also tripled to right center, bringing home Lehman.

The Golden Panthers got on the board in the top of the third behind freshman outfielder Yahmed Yema, who hit a home run to right center to lead off the batting order. UCF's lead was trimmed down to 3-1. The home run was the first of Yema's collegiate career.

Following the round tripper by Yema, FIU tied the score in the fourth. Junior outfielder Ricardo Nanita hit a frozen rope through the middle for a base hit. After a Fernando Alvarez walk, reached safely on a bunt, loading the bases for Luis Rivera, who singled to left. The hit enabled Alvarez and Nanita to score.

The Golden Panthers took  the lead when second baseman  Dennis Diaz singled, then stole second and reached third on a throwing error.  Adam Summerell walked before Bryan Pullin drove  Diaz home with a single.
The Knights responded in the bottom half to tie the score at four. Mann singled, and catcher Drew Butera doubled down the left field line, enabling Mann to score.

The Golden Panthers faced three UCF pitchers in the eighth and built a four-run lead. Alvarez walked to lead things off, and Adams advanced him to third with a single. New then moved Adams to second on a fielder's choice. Rivera then hit a two-RBI single to center field. After Diaz hit a single to left field, Summerell got hit by a pitch to load the bases. With the score 6-4, Pullin got Rivera and Diaz home with a two-out single.

Freshman righthander Edgar Ramirez earned his third save of the season by getting Bear to ground out. Derek DeCarlo allowed three runs, walked one and struck out five in five and two thirds innings. 
Golden Knight Von David Stertzbach struckout a career- high 10 batters.

Sports Editor Mike Hernandez contributed to this report.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Opinion
Headline: Oil motivates impending war
Author: Javier Ruiz / Opinion Editor
&nbsp;
While the world awaits UN Weapons Inspector Hans Blix's report, this Friday, the United States finds itself at ends with France, Germany and Russia on the subject of war with Iraq.

Most recently, the European dissenters blocked a reinforcement of Iraqi neighbor Turkey. 

The European nations refused, claiming that while there is hope for peace, there should be no preparation for war. Meanwhile, the United States went ahead with preparations, in spite of the United Nations, at what Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld described as "a good clip."

And that is emblematic of the situation as it stands: the United States pitted against the Franco-German-Russian front.

Those European nations would like to see weapons inspections continue. Inspectors have noted "a change of heart" recently on the part of Iraqi officials. Iraq has even authorized spy-plane fly-overs. 

The popular sentiment in Germany is that the United States is a nation of warmongers. 

It's hard to see it otherwise. That the Germans would consider us warmongers seems ironic. 

Rep. Ron Paul was interviewed on C-Span this Thursday. It goes without saying that Paul's involvement with the Libertarian party paints him as a maverick. 

But it also goes without saying that this seven-term Republican representative from the president's home state of Texas is also one of the House's most conservative members.

The interview took place after Secretary of State Colin Powell's report before the United Nations.

When asked whether Powell had made his case for a war on Iraq, Paul answered "No, way," adding that Powell hadn't presented any new information, so much as he had brought a lot of previously known information together. 

The core of Paul's argument against war is also at the core of Paul's philosophy: fiscal responsibility and strict abidance by the constitution. 

A war against North Korea, a hostile nation we know for a fact has been developing weapons of mass destruction, would cost $1 trillion by Paul's calculations. 

And that is a conflict we might have to face in the near future. 

And that's disregarding that Iran recently went public with the announcement of its own nuclear program.

As for a war in Iraq? "If you even suggest what a war might cost, you might lose your job if you work for the administration," Paul said.

Paul also cites Congress' hesitance to declare an official war. Congress has essentially passed that power, to the president. Paul believes this to be unconstitutional. I believe it to be cowardice. 

Congress, as in Vietnam and the previous Gulf War, doesn't want to declare war, doesn't want to be responsible for a war, and doesn't want to be branded as anti-patriotic for voting against a war. They would rather pass that on to the president. 

But doesn't that sound...tyrannical? Paul thinks so, and he believes it to be contrary to what the founding fathers intended when they fought the revolutionary war: arresting power from the king, and transferring it to the people. 

"The necessity of this war doesn't exist," he said. Iraq has committed no aggressive act against the United States, and despite Powell's "innuendoes," Paul said, "there has been no true connection to Al Queda."

Unless you consider Iraq's invasion of Kuwait as an aggressive act, as many like to do. 

But that's quite hypocritical, or maybe more to the point, ignorant, when you consider Iraq's U.S. authorized invasion of Iran. In fact, many of the weapons we know for certain that they have, we gave them. 

I suppose an act is only aggressive if the United States does not sanction it.

And through everything, we cannot lose sight of a simple fact: This is not a war for peace (an oxymoron, really), or a blow against terrorist networks, against whom Hussein and his secular government have been opposed. 

This is not a war to liberate the people of Iraq, to whom we showed absolutely no concern at the close of the first Gulf War (which, technically, was not a war.)

This is a war for oil.

"What happens after?" Paul asked. Who controls the oil? "It has a lot to do with commercial interest."

"The decision [to go to war] was made many months ago. Now, we're looking for the reason. That's where we are today; trying to convince the people to agree with a war that has been decided." Paul, forever an idealist, has no illusions about stopping this war. "War drums are beating, and they're too loud, and I can't stop them."

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Opinion
Headline: Long distance love works during Valentine's
Author: Jorge Montes / Production Manager
&nbsp;
For the Oct. 15 issue of The Beacon, I wrote a column headlined "Internet cheapens romance, friendship" I actually had a surprising amount of responses to the column. 

Apparently, it roused a lot of opinions and questions people had about the nature of love and friendship and the value and effectiveness of the internet as a communication tool.

It also got a lot of people asking me about the legitimacy of the Instant Message conversation between myself and my friend, LilMissEmu. "Are you just posting IM chats in as columns, you lazy bastard?" "Are you dating that LilMissEmu chick? Is she even real?" "When you said online love, did you mean cybersex?" 

In fact, the only person that didn't seem to care at all about my conversation was LilMissEmu herself.

The column was a fictional representation of a large number of conversations that her and I had been exchanging over many weeks. 

You see, I had recently terminated a three-year relationship, which ended partially because we had to go long-distance when she moved back to Iowa. 

For us, long-distance didn't help our already dying relationship, so while it wasn't a major factor, it was definitely a hindrance.

When it came time to move on, I was incredibly reluctant to start a relationship that would've been immediately long-distance. LilMissEmu lives all the way in Sarasota, and while that's millimeters compared to the light years of Iowa, it's still a five hour drive away. 

Though we'd met a few times as friends, I was pretty sure I did not want to begin a relationship online. If we were going to begin it, it had to be in person so I would know it would work off the internet. 

Long story short, two weeks later, we had our first date at Universal Islands of Adventures at Halloween Horror Nights. Somewhere around the Jurassic Park eating place, we were officially together.

All things considered, it worked out surprisingly well. I was pretty right about the things I said in my column though. It's nave to get into a long-distance online relationship unless you can start it face-to-face. Love is too fragile to "digitize."

Besides, romance compression ain't all that great.

Of course, now I'm stuck with the fact that she's going to be 217 miles away come Valentine's Day.   So what can I do? 

I have work. I have school. I can't exactly drop everything I'm doing to go on a mini road trip to see her for one day. We both know it. 

So LilMissEmu and I will be celebrating what we have euphoniously titled "Faux Valentine." See, on Feb. 14, we will act like it's a regular day in our relationship. The only difference is perhaps an exchange of "Happy Valentine's Day!" and an extra long phone conversation later that night when I get home from work (and after I might go see "Daredevil").

Then, on Feb. 19, she is coming down to Miami to spend a week with me. 

It works out quite well for me because I have a lot of free time to spend with her that weekend. 

Plus, on Feb. 20, we will have "Faux Valentine." Exchange of gifts in the morning, spending all day together doing whatever we want (maybe a trip around town seeing the sights or something). At night, a nice romantic dinner (free from the hustle-bustle of real Valentine crowds), wrapped up by snuggling up to a movie at home. 

Nice and romantic, sans all the stress from the chocolate induced holiday so many people whine about. 

Maybe there is something to be said for the long-distance online relationship thing.

Nah. I still prefer up-close relationships to long-distance ones.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Opinion
Headline: Winner and Loser of the Week 
Author: [no author name found]
&nbsp;
WINNER

Ludacris:  $75,000 for a one hour performance? Looks like you're the only one that made a profit here.  At least the 2,000 students that attended had fun, for whatever that's worth.


LOSER

University Park SPC: Well, there goes $100,000. And you want another $120,000 for next year so that we don't have to pay a cover for events?  Hello! We're paying the Activities and Services fees!

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Opinion
Headline: Same-sex marriages gaining support
Author: Stephen Hendricks/ Knight Ridder Tribune
&nbsp;
For many gay couples, marriage seemed an impossibility. But the latest portent of change is a recent bill introduced in Montana's legislature to legalize same-sex marriages. 

The sponsor is state Rep. Tom Facey, and he knows his bill won't pass. But merely proposing such a law in my home state of Montana was all but unthinkable just five years ago. 

It was only in 1995, after all, that our legislature debated making gays register with the state like sex offenders. 

The Montana thaw follows Vermont's approval of civil unions in 2000. 

Since then, hundreds of couples have exchanged vows - and Western Civilization has not crumbled. 

Fortunately, prejudice is starting to. Polls show 75 percent of Americans think gay marriages will eventually be legal. 

About a third want it to happen, a third don't and another third don't care. (Among college students, three in five think gays should be able to wed.) 

Another survey shows that a record 60 percent of Americans say they know someone who is gay. 

This is likely symptomatic not of more gays but of growing tolerance that has allowed more gays to come out of the closet. 

The claims against gay marriage are easy to rebut. 

Claim 1: "Marriage has always been the way it is; you can't change it just to fit the times." 

Rebuttal: Gay marriage is in keeping with the evolving nature of the institution. 

Once, blacks couldn't marry whites, Jews couldn't marry Christians and wives were property of husbands. 

Such features changed as notions of equality did. 

Claim 2: "Homosexuality is immoral; the Bible condemns it." 

Rebuttal: In the Bible, the book of Leviticus does say gays should be killed. 

The Bible would also have us kill women who have premarital sex and men who masturbate, and it forbids tattoos, working on Sunday, eating shrimp and playing with pigskin (in other words, football). 

With good reason, America is a democracy not a theocracy. 

Claim 3: "Gay marriage doesn't lead to children, the purpose of marriage." 

Rebuttal: Wrong on both counts. States give marriage licenses to straight couples who don't or can't procreate. 

And like many straight couples, gays raise children thanks to adoption or sperm donors. 

Claim 4: "If gays marry, next people will want to marry horses or children." 

Rebuttal: The equine argument is a Montana favorite, as it was for foes of interracial marriage. 

But marriage, gay or straight, is a contract between two consenting human adults. Nobody proposes changing this. 

Claim 5: "Gay sex is disgusting." 

Rebuttal: So are, to many people, some "straight" sex acts. 

It's not the state's job to intrude in the bedrooms of consenting adults. 

Claim 6: "You can't force a church to marry gays." 

Rebuttal: True, but irrelevant.

Gays are asking for state-issued licenses. Religions will remain as free to ban gay weddings as they are to ban female ministers. 

Claim 7: "Why do gays need to marry anyway?" 

Rebuttal: Many basic rights and protections are conferred by marriage, like the rights to visit a hospitalized partner, receive family health benefits and inherit a partner's property. 

As more Americans accept the justice of such arguments, the day when gays and lesbians can tie the knot like everyone else draws nearer - even in Montana.

	 

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Opinion
Headline: Bush budget proves stupidity
Author: John Colagrande Jr./ Guest Columnist
&nbsp;
Our president is stupid. Is there any other way to put it? 

Last Monday President Bush again highlighted the stupid streak that is running through his legacy when he sent to Congress a budget that forecasts a record $307 billion deficit. 

When Bush took office in January 2001, he inherited a $127 billion dollar surplus. Like Bush shaking a White House Etch-a-Sketch, Clinton's pretty little picture of prosperity gone. 

Bush's budget plans forecast annual deficits to the tune of $1 trillion over the next five years.

There are two key components in the Bush budget that are stupid: tax-cuts and defense spending. Tax-cuts and increased defense spending are not so much Bush doctrines as Republican doctrines. Those doctrines were popular during the Reagan administration, doctrines that lead previously to record deficits. 

It's as if Bush has lead America into the twenty-first century by traveling backwards in time 20 years. It's not surprising since most of his cabinet is composed of retreads from previous Republican administrations. 

The difference between Reagan and Double "Duh" is that Reagan was an actor and could hide his stupidity.

Cutting taxes only benefits the rich. Last year Bush fulfilled his campaign promise to the elite that put him in office and cut taxes in a veiled attempt to stimulate the economy. Did it work? 

Again this year the Republicans insist that tax-cuts will stimulate consumer spending. Why would tax cuts work now? If our country needs money, unless we have no problem accruing debt, then we should raise taxes. 

The budgets in the early '90s were so drenched in debt that the highest expenditure each year was interest on the debt. 

What business stands to profit from debt but banking, a business run by modern day shylocks and gangsters, and controlled by the power elite. 

Why would America want to spend money paying interest on debt when we could be investing in ourselves? We don't want debt when we don't need it. Do we really need to put ourselves into debt?

It's as if the Bush administration wants debt and war. Our defense is very strong as it is. You would have to combine the defenses of the next 12 strongest nations in the world to match the strength of ours. The amount of money the United States spends on one F-16, an older plane, is equivalent to the annual budget of the National Endowment of the Arts and the Air Force loses three F-16 planes a year in training exercises alone. 

So let's spend more money on defense. Sounds like the remedy.  

Bush's budget estimate, that $307 billion deficit, doesn't even include money for a war on Iraq. The Persian Gulf War 12 years ago cost $61 billion. 

Of course, since the terrorist attacks, attacks that exceeded the expectations of any terrorist ten-fold, the Republicans can get what they want, for example, the new Office of Homeland Security that needs funding. 

Of course, that is a necessity and why should anyone disagree with the means to procure a necessity? After all, how could anyone protest an organization that will limit civil liberties?  

Bush, forever a "C" student, once said "they misunderestimate me." Let's hope he's right because we all want to trust that our leaders are taking us in the right direction. Does it seem that way? 

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Opinion
Headline: In Our View: Future concerts should be advertised better
Author: [no author name found]
&nbsp;
Future concerts should be advertised better 

This Sunday SPC hosted a concert at the Golden Panther Arena that featured rapper Ludacris. 

The event cost SPC $100,000. Ticket sales had been expected to offset some of the cost of the performance, with a goal of 4,700 tickets sold. That didn't happen. 

Only 2000 tickets were sold, and now SPC finds itself short of funding vital to events such as movies, comedy shows, and breakaways.

While many factors might have played into that including competing events such as Marley Fest, it appears that a restrictive advertising policy, obligated by contract, is largely responsible for the shortfall.

According to the advertising policy, which was mutually agreed upon, SPC would not advertise off campus, with the sole exception being through WRGP 88.1, FIU's student radio station.

Tickets for the event, primarily a University Park event, were not for sale at the Biscayne Bay Campus until shortly before the event took place, and only after it was evident that the sales goal was not going to be met. Advertising at the Biscayne Bay Campus was also insufficient.

Perhaps it is due largely to inexperience with events of this magnitude that SPC agreed not to advertise off campus and failed to promote the event properly, but the end result was obvious. 

Tickets simply did not sell. 

With those funds gone, SPC will not be able to provide students with the events they have come to expect for the summer.

They do, however, hope to continue to host large-scale events such as the Ludacris concert and are requesting another $120,000 next year for that purpose. 

Without proper advertising and promotion, it is difficult to make a success of events such as these. We only hope that they take this unfortunate experience and learn from it.




******************************************
******************************************

Section: Opinion
Headline: In Our View: BBC, UP student leaders need to communicate
Author: [no author name found]
&nbsp;
BBC, UP student leaders need to communicate

On Feb. 13, the Student Government Association will be taking buses of students to Tallahassee for a rally aimed at encouraging state legislators not to make any cuts to the Florida Bright Futures Scholarship Program.  However, the University Park Student Government Council and the Biscayne Bay Student Government Council are making separate plans for the rally, due to apparent miscommunication.

Adrian Carter, BBC-SGC president, said the UP student government should have, but did not contact his staff with their plans for the rally. Although, Jessica Morffi, UP-SGC president, said that her staff did try to contact them, but the BBC student government did not return their phone calls.  

As student government president, Carter needs to take more responsibility for ensuring communication between both councils.  Instead of waiting for the UP student government to contact him with their transportation and meal arrangements, he should have made the effort to contact them. 

"If I want to get in contact with anyone in this university, I can," Carter said. Next time, maybe he should.

SGA should be one, despite the fact that there are separate councils for both campuses.  It is imperative that the two councils work together on issues that affect students on both campuses.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: News
Headline: Student leaders at odds over communication
Subheadline: Morffi: Carter's reaction was unprofessional
Author: Lisa Cawley / News Editor
&nbsp;
The Biscayne Bay Student Government Council and the University Park Student Government Council are planning the Bright Futures rally separately, and it may be because of inadequate communication between the two councils, leaders say.  

"We coordinated the rally on a statewide level, so we were all informed of what was going on, but the individual councils decided to do it their own way," Alexander Lewy, BBC-SGC vice president, said.

The reason they decided to "do it their own way" is lack of communication, Adrian Carter, BBC-SGC president said.

"[Jessica Morffi] said her special events person tried to get in contact with my special events person and was unable to.  I think that's bologna," Carter said.

"If I want to get in contact with anyone in this university, I can get in contact with them," he said.  "There are too many information outlets on campus and available to [the Student Government Association] for someone not to be able to get in contact with someone."

Hank Schramm, BBC director of student lobbying, said that although he thinks "both councils are trying," there needs to be more communication between them.

"I don't think everything is fine in terms of communication," Schramm said. "There are some things that need to be fixed."

The solution would be a monthly meeting between both councils, he said.

"The foundation of good communication is being able to meet," Schramm said.

But Carter said the communication problem "goes back to the individual and goes back to leadership."

Morffi, UP-SGC president, said her staff tried to reach BBC student government.

"I told Hank that my Special Events Coordinator was going to contact their Special Events Coordinator because I really want to make sure that we work together on this," Morffi said. "I'm the first advocate that we are one university, not two."

But Morffi said time considerations prompted UP to move ahead with their plans.

"I told my Special Events Coordinator to call BBC, and if they didn't get back to him in 2 - 3 days, then to go ahead with the purchase order for the bus company because when you put in a purchase order, it takes a long time [to be processed]," Morffi said.

Bryan Hernandez, UP special events coordinator, said he left messages with the BBC Special Events Coordinator, Carter and Lewy, but they did not call him back.

"I think we had the potential to plan it together, but in order for UP to do it in a timely manner, we had to move ahead with our plans," Morffi said.

Carter said that Morffi's staff did not inform him about their transportation and meal arrangements, and said they should have so that BBC-SGC could have gotten the same deal.

"I would have liked to have known that information, but I didn't get that information from them," he said. 

Carter's reaction is unprofessional, Morffi said.

"What gets me upset is that instead of going to me and telling me 'you should have told me earlier [about UP-SGC's plans for the rally],' he goes to [The Beacon]," she said. "I'm not going to point fingers saying who did what and who didn't.  I don't think that's how you should handle things."

******************************************
******************************************

Section: News
Headline: Students to protest at state capitol
Subheadline: Associations fight for survival of Bright Futures Scholarship
Author: Lisa Cawley / News Editor
&nbsp;
In their struggle to ensure the continuation of the Florida Bright Futures Scholarship Program, the FIU Student Government Association, along with several students, is joining the Florida Student Association for a rally at the capitol building in Tallahassee Feb. 13.

"We hope to use this as the beginning of our struggle to make sure that we save the Bright Futures Program," Jessica Morffi, University Park Student Government Council president and Bright Futures Scholarship recipient, said. "[The rally] is to show numbers, to cause a first impression and to show the legislature off hand that we are going to stand up for it and that students really want it and are interested in it."

Bright Futures is a state-funded scholarship program that rewards Florida high school students based on merit.  Recently, some state legislators have been considering making cuts to the program or making it need-based rather than merit-based.  FSA, which is composed of student government leaders from state universities, is organizing the rally and has been petitioning the state legislature not to cut the program.

"I know that certain cuts have to be made, but we are going to make sure that the cuts that will be made are minimal to students and especially FIU students," Alexander Lewy, Biscayne Bay student government council vice president, said.

About 1,000 people from universities across the state are expected at the rally.  

SGA is providing transportation and meals for students who are interested in going. More than 40 University Park students and 100 Biscayne Bay students have signed up so far.  

But UP-SGC and BBC-SGC have decided to plan the rally separately, Lewy said.

"We coordinated the rally on a statewide level, so we were all informed of what was going on, but the individual councils decided to do it their own way," Lewy said.

UP-SGC is taking two buses that can hold 49 people each to Tallahassee.  BBC-SGC will take "as many buses as needed for students who are interested [in going to the rally]," Adrian Carter, BBC-SGC president, said.

Derek Capo, SGA College of Business representative, said he will be going to the rally because "the program rewards those students who have worked hard in their tenure at high school and gives students a monetary motive to excel in academics."

Both councils said they will be providing participating students with breakfast, lunch and dinner.

The buses will be departing FIU at midnight Wednesday and will be arriving in Tallahassee at 10 a.m. Thursday.  There may be a brief stop at Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton before arriving at the capitol. 

In Tallahassee, both UP and BBC students will follow the same itinerary. 

Upon arriving at the capitol, students will enter conference rooms in the civic center for briefing sessions.  Morffi said the sessions are necessary so students will be as knowledgeable as possible, in case they get interviewed by the press.

Around noon, some student leaders from various state universities will attend an appropriations meeting with state legislators.  From 12 p.m. - 2 p.m., students will gather in the quad in front of the capitol building. FSA chairman Pablo Paez and other students will speak about the Bright Futures Program.

In addition, Morffi said she will try to get appointments to speak with some legislators from our district.  She said she expects the legislators to take students seriously and listen to what they have to say.

Carter also expects a good reaction from the legislature.

"Our government has a history of standing with us and on our behalf," he said. "Hopefully they'll be willing to work with us and listen to what we have to say.'

About 5,000 FIU students are Bright Futures scholarship recipients.

"I'm very glad to hear that our SGA is fighting the fight for us because this is an important issue that will affect everyone wanting higher education in one way or another," Senior Carlos Herdocia said. He said he will be participating in the rally because Bright Futures is what enables him and his brother to attend university full-time.

"My brother is currently on Bright Futures, and if it is eliminated, my little brother will not be able to attend school full-time anymore," Herdocia said. "I don't want that to happen to him.  I also feel somewhat obligated to give back to Bright Futures because [it] helped give me a start as well."

After the rally, the buses will be departing Tallahassee at 4 p.m. on Feb 13. and arrive back at FIU at 1 a.m. the morning of Feb. 14.  

In addition to the rally, SGA, along with student governments from other state universities, has been handing out petitions in an effort to save the Bright Futures Program.  They have distributed petitions in local high schools, classrooms and other locations around campus. About 2,600 petitions have been signed at UP so far, Morffi said.  And more than 1,000 have been signed at BBC, Carter said.  

SGA has not yet planned the next step in their struggle for Bright Futures, but they are hoping the rally will help them get a better idea of what it should be.

"After the rally, we'll have a better perspective as to what direction we'll need to take," Morffi said. "The student body presidents of all the [state] universities are going to make an effort to lobby to all the legislators along with my director of legislative affairs and their directors of student lobbying.  I think that by that point we'll know where we need to go next."

******************************************
******************************************

Section: News
Headline: Campus Crime Reports
Author: [no author name found]
&nbsp;
Jan. 21

An FIU student reported his wallet and jacket stolen from his friend's car, which was parked at UP. He claims he left the items in the front seat of his friend's car. The door was left unlocked. Upon returning to the car, they discovered the items were missing.

Jan. 22

Computer equipment was stolen from AC2 rooms 110 and 115. The items include a monitor from room 110 and a CPU and monitor from room 115. These items were last seen at 9:05 p.m. when class ended. 

Jan. 23

An FIU student was stopped for driving a vehicle with a Tennessee license tag, number 1-ELVIS that expired in 2000. The policeman then discovered the vehicle had been reported stolen. The student was arrested and taken to the FIU Police Department. He was later released on Notice To Appear. The car and tag were impounded.

Jan. 24

An FIU employee returned to his vehicle, a CAT service van, and found the right middle window broken with what appeared to be a mouse ball which was found on the front seat inside the van. (station/UP)

An FIU student reported her FIU ID was stolen while visiting an aunt off campus. 

An FIU student reported her cell phone stolen from DM room 140. She claims she left it on a table and found it was missing when she returned.

Jan. 27

An outside contractor for FIU reported some construction equipment stolen when he returned from dropping off some equipment in the library. The outside access door was found propped open.

An FIU intercollegiate coordinator reported a ladder stolen outside GPA by an unknown person who fled the scene in an unknown direction. Later that day the case was closed when he reported the ladder had been in fact borrowed by a fellow contractor and later returned.   

Jan. 28
		 
A Radio/CD player was reported stolen from a Honda Accord parked in Lot 9 at University Park which was broken into through the driver's side window. 

An FIU employee reported his assigned cell phone and case stolen. They were last seen clipped to his waistband. 

Jan. 29
		
An FIU student reported her laptop stolen after realizing that she did not have it with her after visiting several locations.

An FIU student reported his backpack stolen. He claims he set it down next to him while speaking to his friends at the Biscayne Bay Campus. Neither him nor his friends noticed anybody take it.

 - compiled by Ronald Licona

******************************************
******************************************

Section: News
Headline: Eminent scholars lecture at FIU
Author: Tony Metzelar / Contributing Writer
&nbsp;
The Center for Urban Education & Innovation, in the College of Education, is sponsoring the "Visiting Eminent Scholar Series" lectures. Lisa Delpit, the executive director/eminent scholar, and Joan Wynne, associate director of The Center for Urban Education & Innovation, are bringing the speakers to FIU. 

The reason for this lecture series is to expose the FIU community to nationally renowned experts in urban education, and, "because our students in the College of Education [are] future teachers [they] need to be exposed to these experts," Brenda Lux, the office manager of the Center for Urban Education & Innovation, said. 

"Miami-Dade is in need of teachers, and in this multicultural society, it is of great benefit to take advantage of the lectures of these international scholars and further [future teachers'] knowledge in order that they can become more effective teachers," Lux added.

Johnathan Stirrup, a junior who is majoring in Physical Education, said about the first lecture on Jan. 25th by Asa G. Hilliard III that "He made us aware that the methods of teaching hasn't changed, but everything around them has." 

The culture of the students and technology changed, Stirrup said. Hilliard, who has written books, articles and produced tapes on new teaching and testing techniques, discussed new methods of teaching in his lecture.

"The main point of his lecture was to raise the quality of teaching," William Villanueva a junior, Management Information Systems Major and the assistant manager of the Center for Urban Education & Innovation, said. 

Villanueva said that Hilliard gave an example of how two schools in Georgia that are only half a mile apart are being affected by differences in teaching. "They both have the same types of students, of a low socioeconomic status, yet the students of one school were averaging the top grades, while the students of the other school were averaging failing grades," Villanueva said. 

Both students recommend everyone to go the next lectures, not just future teachers, They said besides learning a lot from it, it's also a very interesting experience.

Delpit has received an award in urban education and has worked in Alaska, New Guinea, Fiji and various rural sites in the United States to learn more about multicultural education. She and Wynne, both experts in this area, have collaborated in writing books and worked in urban education together with most of the Eminent Scholars that will visit FIU, among others. 

Upcoming speakers in the "Visiting Eminent Scholar Series" include Pedro Noguera, Elaine Brown, Theresa Perry and other experts who specialize in urban education. If you are interested in dates and more information, contact The Center for Urban Education & Innovation.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: News
Headline: FIU Greens hosts Peace Awareness Day
Author: Angela Castillo / Staff Writer
&nbsp;
The FIU Greens, a university division of the Green Party, will host its first "Peace Awareness Day" on Feb 18 at the University Park campus. The all day event will give students the freedom to express their views about current social and political problems. 

"We're basically just promoting awareness and we are also focusing on the war with Iraq," Shane Perez, FIU Greens activities coordinatorsaid.

The event will take place at the patio behind the Graham Center from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Student organizations, such as Students for Environmental Action, Multi-faith, African New World Studies and campus ministries, as well as local community groups have been invited to participate, not only by hosting tables, but also by speaking out and sharing their opinions on the Iraq and North Korea conflicts. 

"There are going to be speakers that will talk about the war in Iraq and the situation in North Korea," Rodrigo Garcia, member of the FIU Greens said. "Students are more than welcome to grab the microphone and give a positive message." 

Steven Mizrach and Alan Kobrin are among the speakers who will discuss different perspectives on war related issues. Mizrach is an adjunct faculty member of the Department of Sociology/Anthropology at FIU. He has drawn special interest to  the intersections between technology, consciousness and culture. 

Kobrin is a graduate from Kenyon College with a B.A. degree in psychology. He has served as a Peace Corps volunteer in Sierra Leone and at present is the Miami-Dade Green Party Co-chair. 

Artistic contributions to the event include performances by the bands "Crashing Tide" and "Still Movement," a poetry reading, and a photographic exposition regarding the anti-war propaganda.

FIU Greens was founded by Eric Kobrin, Alan Kobrin's son, but was originally a suggestion made during Ralph Nader's 2000 presidential campaign as a way to promote the Green Party's mission statement at the university level. Among the organization's ten key values are social justice, gender equality and grassroots democracy. 

FIU Greens has been involved in activities promoting nature preservation, improving the campus recycling program along with SGA and now trying to unite student organizations to make a coalition against the war. 

"I think [Peace Awareness Day] is an important event for people to know why we are going to war, to get more informed about what the political situation is in the U.S and in the middle East; instead of accepting [war] just because everybody says it," Crashing Tide guitarist Eric Valdes said.

If you or your group is interested in participating in the event, you can contact Shane Perez via e-mail at shane@hyposomnia.com or at (305) 491-1745.















 





******************************************
******************************************

Section: News
Headline: Museum stops lending artwork
Author: Marjorie Rizzo / Contributing Writer
&nbsp;
The Art Museum at FIU will no longer loan out art pieces for other university departments to display.

"We are updating our inventory and are temporarily putting a full stop on loaning our artwork collection," Natasha Cuervo, assistant registrar at the museum said.

The policy suspension came as a result of a memo sent out last week by Carol Foster, the associate director of the museum, emphasizing that many artworks placed in campus offices have been removed or misplaced.

"The handling of art pieces requires special measures to be taken like wearing gloves and [proper] lighting. For those reasons alone, the Art Museum is responsible for moving the artworks," Foster said.

And with all the construction that has been going around campus, Foster said campus departments are neglecting to notify the museum regarding the movement or installation of artwork, which may put certain works in danger of the harmful affects of light, temperature and humidity, along with other damages. 

In the past, the museum would allow and make inter-departmental loan agreements with any department wishing to display museum artwork.

Currently the FIU museum owns approximately 6,000 art pieces including drawings, paintings, photographs, poster prints and sculptures. 

About 440 of those pieces are currently on loan to different departments at both the  University Park and Biscayne Bay campuses, and although the museum reserves the right to cancel any current loan agreements, that is not their intent as of this moment, according to Kevin Huggins, informational technology coordinator at the museum.

The museum is, however, asking for cooperation while they send representatives visiting campus buildings to check their records and inventory.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: News
Headline: Engineering Week to provide hands-on projects for kids
Author: Asra Jawaid / Staff Writer
&nbsp;
As part of its Engineering Week, FIU's Engineering Center will host a variety of different programs for the community Feb. 14 - 23.

"It's nice for us so people don't forget where and who we are," said Stephanie Strange, assistant director of recruitment and retention for the center. 

The event will be centered around the Engineering Gala, which is scheduled to take place Feb. 21 at 9:30 a.m. The Gala will be held on a stage with flags, balloons and banners outside of the Engineering Center on the corner of Flagler Street and S.W. 107th Avenue, where the opening ceremonies of the day will also be taking place. 

The event intends is to introduce grade school students to the world of engineering.

"We want to invite the university and community at large to share in the privilege and advantages of having a first-rate engineering college right here in the city," Strange said. 

Twelve hundred students from local elementary, middle and high schools will be invited to the Engineering Center on the morning of Feb. 23. The Center's various engineering societies will hold contests and events that demonstrate engineering concepts through hands-on participation.

Tour guides, who are either FIU undergraduate engineering or honors council students, will accompany each group of 20 grade school students to provide commentary and answer questions.

"We want everyone to have fun but learn something too," Strange said. "Students get strongly motivated by feeling that they are a part of the community in which knowledge is being created." 

At least twelve of the Engineering Center's societies will display attractions for students.

The Florida Engineering Society and the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers will sponsor remote control car races. 

These tiny cars were purchased with the societies' funds. Students will be allowed to race the cars.

Other attractions include the mystery design contest, "How to build a rocket car," and catapults.

In the mystery design contest, sponsored by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, students will be given pieces of straw, wood and clay and asked to design certain objects.

In "How to build a rocket car," students will be given instructions and materials to construct miniature automobiles and after they've completed the task, they will be able to play with what they have created.

This project was designed by Tao Beta Pi in conjunction with students from MAST Academy.

Catapults will also be on display. "We give students trash - rubber bands, pieces of wood and cardboard - and they build a catapult and test it," Strange said. 

These attractions will not go unrecognized.

Three judges will award the societies with the "most fun" event and the "best academic" event a prize of $500 each. 

Engineering Week will also feature a disc jockey and enough pizza for 1,000 people. 

Elbert Marsh, National Science Foundation deputy assistant director, will be the guest of honor for this event and will be introduced at the opening ceremonies.

Later, he will give a speech about the National Science Foundation to a crowd of 50, including Provost Mark Rosenberg, deans from FIU's various colleges, interested faculty, and pending available space, students.

Students can view some of FIU's engineers at work on a tour of approximately 20 of the school's labs.

The Engineering Olympics and barbeque will take place on the afternoon of Feb. 23 when students at the Engineering Center will meet at the Golden Panther Arena and compete in sports such as basketball, volleyball, tug-of-war and soccer. Each team will consist of students from a certain department.

"It'll be a time for all engineering students to go out and play," Marianna Espinosa, president of the Engineering Student Council said.

The Engineering Week Fashion Show will take place on Feb. 19 from 8:00 p.m. until 10:30 p.m. in the Engineering campus cafeteria.

"We are expecting approximately 150 people," said Irina Calante, a senior civil engineering major and president of the Society of Women Engineers. 

Many kinds of fashion will be on display at the show, which SWE is sponsoring in conjunction with the Engineering Student Council. 

"There are different categories to choose from, but the introductory category and the last, which is formal, are mandatory for every model," Calante said. "This year we will have a couple of stores sponsoring, therefore we will model their clothes." 

Overall, Strange said that the engineering students are the main reason that Engineering Week is possible.

"[They] develop, create and implement the contests that go on. They're the guides and the ones who make events happen from beginning to end," Strange said.

As of press time, the Engineering Center was still looking for Engineering Week contest judges. If are interested in judging, you can contact Stephanie Strange at (305) 348-1635 or Stephanie.Strange@fiu.edu. You do not have to be an engineering major to apply.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: News
Headline: Ludacris turnout falls short of expectations
Author: Andrea Martini / Staff Writer
&nbsp;
Restrictive on-campus advertising and a packed Miami-Dade concert schedule were blamed for a less than stellar turnout at last Sunday's Ludacris concert at the Golden Panther Arena, according to the Student Programming Council, the concert sponsors.

Although initially SPC coordinators were confident the event would sell out, only about 2,000 tickets were sold instead of the projected goal of 4,700, the results of which would adversely affect the council's budget for the rest of the year. SPC's efforts to bring a high-caliber artist on campus began last year. After receiving funding from the Student Government Association, SPC allocated $60,000 in what the council hoped would be the first in a series of yearly concerts.  

"This is something SPC always wanted to do and the budget finally came through," said Cedric McMinn, adviser for SPC. 

However, this was not enough to cover the cost of the concert since Ludacris' price tag alone was $75,000. Show costs totaled $100,000, which included $25,000 in staff and organizing fees. 

Revenues generated by ticket sales would go toward covering the cost of the concert. As a result, SPC summer programs will be cut in order to cover the cost of the concert, Ron Hollins, SPC president, said.

Some of these activities include movies, comedy shows and breakaways, he said.

According to SPC, Ludacris' contract policy stipulated publicity limitations, such as no advertising outside the FIU student community. WRGP 88.1, FIU's student radio station, was the only radio station in all of Miami allowed to advertise the event.  

The restrictive publicity policy was included in the contract by mutual agreement because it seemed more convenient for both parties.  

"If we advertised outside of FIU, then all of our publicity would have had to be done according to what [the Ludacris people] wanted," said Cathy Silva, SPC concert chairperson.  

However, once it was apparent that ticket sales were not improving, SPC coordinators distributed promotional flyers around popular areas like South Beach and Coconut Grove. Coordinators also made tickets available at Biscayne Bay Campus - a surprise last-minute move considering the campus didn't originally participate in the event. Funding came from University Park students' activity and service fees,  so coordinators wanted  to give these students priority, Silva said.

SPC tried to spin the shortfall in a positive light. 

"We did all we could, and although we lost a huge amount of money, this serves as experience for future events," said Larissa Lockett, publicity chairperson for SPC. 

Lockett believes that the restrictive publicity policy could have influenced the outcome of ticket sales because once SPC advertised outside FIU, ticket sales improved. 

But restrictive publicity was not the only hurdle SPC faced. The concert coincided with other popular musical events in the Miami area this weekend like Marley Fest and R&B singer Erykah Badu's concert, Lockett said.

The small crowd did not seem to bother Ludacris, who performed in conjunction with some of the members of the Disturbing Tha Peace crew.  

"I thought the crowd was great," said the Atlanta rapper. "I thought [the crowd] was very receptive because I was getting a response to every song. College shows are more personal."

The audience also seemed unfazed.  

"I thought the concert was pretty good even though there was not a lot of people. Perhaps [SPC] should have done it for free," said Pharoah Lozano, a business management major.

"I thought it was a good show because even though there was not a lot of people, Ludacris still hyped up the crowd," said Lee-Anne Worell, a health science major.  SPC vows to continue the concert project next year.  

Ron Hollins said that SGA has been supportive throughout the process, and it will guide SPC in its efforts to request more funding next year.  

"We will ask SGA for $120,000 for concert so that we won't have to charge students a cover next time," Hollins said.

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Unapproved Reader Submissions
Headline: Scientific Laws in Human Development
Subheadline:  
Author: researcherjanet@yahoo.com
&nbsp;
Latest Edition, Scientific Laws in Human Development. 

Developing Skills in Productive Fields of Interest. 

Do you give positive attention while one is being good? According to Doctor Fitzhough Dodson some learned the only way to receive attention was through inappropriate behavior. As long as one was good one may have been ignored. Some who ignored others when they were good may have felt compelled to give instant focused attention for inappropriate behavior. Misbehavior was therefore attention. Misbehavior became a social life. The person thought the behavior was who they were. Others believed the behavior was who the person was also. The behavior received attention from some in the environment and allied forces producing further teasing for social recognition. While wasting productive time other needs failed to be met causing the need to feed off productive forces. Changing who one became depends upon the process. In the past some thought dictated undesirableness would stop unwanted actions. Authoritarians did not know punishment, which is a behavior recognizer, fools by temporarily suppressing behavior while at the same time giving social and self-recognition causing the behavior to repeat. Punishment is both given and received. Punished behavior repeats acquiring neither goodness or obedience. Recognizing the difference between the behavior and the individual do give the individual attention. Doctor Dodson suggests easily gently distracting offering attention in a new direction redirecting the individual to fun learning activities that let the individual know they are valuable and people care their time is spent valuably, that meet needs, and that lead to productive behavior while applying Extinction Technique by giving zero attention to behaviors one does not wish to be repeated. Recognized productive behavior becomes repeated productive behavior. Generative productive personalities develop. Children's productive behavior is the right to have their educational needs met and be actively engaged in the educational process. Scientific studies by recorded observation of behavior under precise behavior recognition conditions produced the results: Recognized behavior repeats, or to quote the results, "Recognized behavior is repeated behavior." as stated in How to Parent, the beginning of the book saying it is written to mothers, by Doctor Fitzhough Dodson which I read July 1974 and applied. Dr. Dodson also wrote How to Grandparent and How to Father. These scientific facts may not have been available to others and you before so forgive others and yourself for the unchangeable past punishment can not change and focus upon life's qualities being specific and investigative. Make a future. Quoting a homes and gardens magazine, "The best way to quit a bad habit is to substitute it with a good habit." 

Providing fun safe multiple-choice learning experiences for expression in individuality in an environment which is safe to function within develops interest in learning while continual watching and providing for interests extends and expands learning. Extended expanded play learning is Emergent Curriculum in the Early Childhood Education Field. During play children learn to use symbols, written sign verbal pictorial musical constructive language, to communicate. The book One Hundred Languages of Children by Carolyn Edwards is the story of Italy's child development Reggio Emilia Schools. Learning projects at Reggio Emilia are self-discovery projects. The children are free to think through how to construct and measure in their own way. During play the children test their theories. Chapter nine is the true story of a small group of children who draw a life scale dinosaur. The children found a place in the schoolyard large enough to draw a dinosaur. The school provided for the children's access many measuring sticks, 'Rods', for laying side by side showing the precise height and length of the dinosaur. The school spared no rods. The children learned measuring skills used in building societies. The King's foot measurement divided into one dozen makes twelve inches. Cubit rods measure cubits. During projects the teachers engage the children in conversation. Children are inspired to inquisitiveness as a result of the teacher's provocative questions. Projects are displayed at community gatherings giving each child a sense of community. Community observers give recognition of correct principles applied to create each project. Rods used in child education to show quantities are Quizenairy Rods. Each uniform section on the rod is displayed by color. Each consecutive rod is one unit longer. Rods make useful levers. Rods reach under and pull out items a person can not reach. A walking stick is a sturdy rod. Children attain higher principles. 

Two principles of early childhood education are each classroom has three times as many positive free choice learning activities as the number of children and children are free to ask for their needs. Parent participation preschool in my neighborhood had free choice parent directed learning centers with one parent center for every five children. One parent participated one day a week for each child. Increasing good human development bonds neighborhood families and peers and efficiently creates a four day labor week and one family and community day. Quoting Doctor Fitzhough Dodson, "What is the ultimate goal we are working toward in the training of our children? If we reflect deeply on this question, most of us would say that our ultimate goal is to produce an adult who has learned self-regulation, who has learned to exercise his freedom in a responsible way." "A baby's wants are a baby's needs." "Mother is a baby's first social life." "The learner must be in condition to learn." "Give your child a positive model of what he should do." Mother and Father set an example as learning discovery information gatherers. Family members share learning experiences providing all education attention. A baby wants a social skill development learning day. Infancy is the optimum time to learn social skills thus developing social infants. Social infants tend to have their needs met according to scientific studies by recorded observation. People respond to social infants. (The Developing Person by Kathleen Stassen Berger) 

Doctor Fitzhough Dodson believes basic honesty is learned through the appropriate meeting of honest needs as in when one is honestly sleepy and honestly hungry. Messages by the blood stream requesting energy are honest biological messages. Baby's respect for personal property is gained by experiencing having personal property others respect. Children who see material thing meeting people's needs connect material things with meeting needs. My coat meets my needs and your coat meets your needs. Children who have their needs met are not busy doing that which is undesirable. Providing places for children to place their needs assures children their material needs are ready and waiting for them when needed. Baby sees others meeting needs and matures into the desire to meet needs also. Respect includes the owner's personal power over decisions to share including consideration and respect to the givers of gifts. When the choice is theirs to make children enjoy sharing. All children need their needs met at all times. (We do also.) 

My self-regulating infants slept when their bodies needed sleep. Since my infants had interesting active days they slept well at night. During the day they were free to nap. Toddlers wake up hungry for Break/Fast after early A.M. sleeping. Meals and snacks follow naturally. Studies show when a healthy variety of foods are placed upon the table in serving bowls family style children always choose a balanced diet. There are so many healthy choices in the variety of all good foods no one need ever take what one does not like. By choice I have developed a taste for sauerkraut. By experience sauerkraut was a food I had never heard of until junior high. My daughter in her highchair while I was feeding her Campbell's Vegetable Beef Soup ejected every pea. In two months she was eating peas with pleasure. Is it possible she was eating peas with pleasure because I did not force her to eat them? My personal choice of entertainment, reading, and activities being ecological non-fiction I saw the need to educate my children in the difference between non-fiction and fiction the first time they were exposed to fiction entertainment. 

Since I could only clean wherever I was at wherever I was at was clean. Stepping out of bed the covers went up, dressing one item in the bath was cleaned, walking down the hall the beds were made, and rising up from breakfast the dishes were washed and kitchen cleaned. After relaxing in the afternoon the floors were done. The work was always already done. When I spent my time with the children the house stayed clean. We were actively involved in fun discovery and skill building. Education by experience was direct attentive communication by personal attention or wonderful education filled classroom lectures like circle time and college classes, sing along language skill development, learning projects, free choice positive learning experiences, reading good books, and playground social skills development health education. Reggio Emilia's idea of education also includes community and family social dining. Living the Scientific Laws of Human Development meant we could dine with the results of royalty having our typical lunch experience. I reply, "In 'government for the people, by the people, and of the people' everyone is royalty." Art and spatial relationships classes at college taught me principles of construction, space, design, and perception for skills in creativity. All these principles are repeatable science. The classes are fun. I loved my college classes and believe college has great value. While holding my small baby in my arms I thought of his future. I decided to give him opportunities to learn how to think by enriching his young life with daily valuable opportunities for learning. Personal knowledge would qualify him to choose how to care for people and the earth. Intelligence is applying one's profession to meeting the needs of the people. Raising him filled with the intelligence to know how to choose to apply professional services to serve others the best was my goal. Family fusion, productive energy resulting from family unity, bonds families. Extinct family fission, energy released as a result of family division. People experiencing having their needs met because families are united gains support for united families. 

Education is the power to direct one's own life. Self-regulating productive play educated persons develop into productive citizens. The process of meeting needs, which used to be called work, is now Playing Productively. Self-Governing peoples form a democracy. Democracy Occurs. World Democracy is National Defense. Peaceful nations is National Defense. National defense is Peaceful World Democracy. We have inherited the great gift of freedom and liberty. Preservation of freedom and liberty assures our future and the future of all. We are the light of Democracy before the world. 

Good human development brings freedom and liberty. Wrong human development is loss of liberty. One survival cure used in the past in distant places for rebellious reaction to being told what not to do was living in silence. One may feel rejected when one does not know they are in an environment where silence is being practiced. Whether silence is a cure or just preferred now that I know when others prefer silence because their personal selection of quality living is in the reading material they have chosen to add value to the moment I can join them with adding quality to the moment with my own chosen selection of valuable written material. When the mind is filled others enjoy words of value. People travel great distances to listen to learned people talk. Clean living peoples enhance our earth's vitality restoring and nurturing a clean planet. Homes, where good human development develops clean living citizens whose behavior does not need restricting by high energy prices, bring progress toward alternative energy. Workers in oil producing nations are learning skills to advance their nation into higher skilled higher paid services. Citizen's playing productively needs will be met. Good behavior raises the market. The market out competes gas and oil for a profit. Here is the way. The work is ahead. Please keep market coolness, pay everything, and profit take. Please prevent jumping the market causing an investor to interfere with work and mail to buy in low for the next ride up. Scientific advancements in Human Development raise the market every day. There are many stock markets in the world. 

Good human development develops self-controlled functioning upon knowledge. Wrong human development is exterior dictating resulting in the need for exterior support. To make a living on wrong human development there must be a drawing a circle around a person of exterior controlled what not to dos. The wrong human developers expect enforcers, as themselves, to be paid enforcing what not to dos. The person with the circle of what not to dos drawn around them becomes a slave of doing what not to dos for attention. Everyone becomes a slave to support what not to dos. For those trapped in outdated professions while crying for the world to continue earning a living on wrong human development they or others sometimes convince people good human development and wrong human development are reversed. One solution is new careers in helping office, field, and home-based professions adapt to people's true needs. A word of wisdom, "Avoid the appearance of evil." since punish-mental persons seeing opportunities of evil may believe someone needs controlling. 

A point on top of the ear indicated holding onto the top of the ear behavior management but they grew up to be men with a great deal of power. In the story of Brer Bear, and Brer Fox, and Brer Rabbit, Brer Rabbit was stuck in the tar baby. Brer Bear and Brer Fox were thinking of what to do with Brer Rabbit since they had made the tar baby to catch Brer Rabbit. Brer Rabbit said, "Please, don't throw me in the briar patch." Brer Bear and Brer Fox threw Brer Rabbit in the briar patch. Brer Rabbit jumped up and down and said, "I told you not to throw me in the briar patch. The Briar Patch is my home." A caught con wants the protection of thick walls where all his needs are met for the length of time society will be angry. Where does a con not want you to throw him? Society wants to be free from the con not knowing how to meet his needs appropriately. Everyone is happy so the process is not punishment other than being with everyone else society is angry at however a con is in joint company while innocent persons are not but does it develop people into meeting needs appropriately? 

Good behavior develops mentally and physically healthy people. Doctors and nurses earn a living being leaders in mental and physical health and curing those who profit by wrong human development and communism since what they made a living on is outdated prehuman development. Your health, not your unhealth, will be rewarding to the Doctor and nurse. The Doctor and nurse need you as well as you needing them so once you are healthy do remember the entire medical profession and all supporting fields still need to make a living. It is your turn to make them feel loved. Freeing people from past captivities is worthy employment. Hiring a lawyer with success in accomplishing right gives co-security for the right since you have the right to offer the lawyer while the other might have the wrong to offer. Lawyers help the balance in society of rebelliousness counteracting obeying a dictator the amount of rebelliousness in society being equal to the amount of dictating. Being caught in the trap is not necessary for those who do not practice dictating or being dictated unto. Many successful companies have their own insurance department. Intelligence adds value to the environment and the economy. Developed productive persons may be taught through fables defense against obedient enslavement to exterior commands and orders by punished no-self-control requesting the exterior control they were raised upon manipulators and their motives to gain go power by feeding untruth for others to function upon believing others are wrong to be so naive. Wrongdoing does not feed itself. If something needs exterior support is there wrong doing which must be feed by exterior support? Exterior support causes pollution. Productivity is fun. People who tell you what not to do may be rebellious themselves and while you are not picking up your baby and holding your baby their not picking up their baby and holding their baby is imagination. I listened to my baby and let such advice sail off in the wind. With the help of carriers and snuggles holders my baby was always with me. My baby was so positively directed active holding him became treasured moments. Clean safe places for the crawler to explore while being carefully watched develops the brain and body. Goal focusing keeps Toddlers going in a positive direction. Climbing is a toddler stage that can be easily provided for by many happy moments of climbing up and sliding down. Children's physical activity educates the brain in how fast the body is growing helping develop coordination the brain appreciating the goodness physical activity gives to the body. The arms growing longer than the brain knows results in a glass of milk being pushed over before the hand can clasp the glass. Cups with handles are useful during growth spurts. Raising the level of average is how to get ahead without leaving others behind. The best human developers served in many lands accomplishing goal oriented human development around the world. Human development knowledge is catching up with world progress. We know behavior that supports life. 

Man are meadow makers when "The more edge the better around a meadow for the wildlife to go in and out of the forest safely to graze on grass the sunlight can reach." Rule changes rectangle clear cuts from ugly useless patches to useful functions within the forests providing meadows. Grazing causes Native American grasses to thrive. 

The Land of Milk and Honey (Bible) which is now desert with intelligent planning again returns to Lands of Milk and Honey. Shawna my American River Biology Teacher said, "Deserts repel rain, and trees and plants attract rain." Deserts, I believe are not natural earth habitats but man made literal ruins from ancient civilizations. Where deserts are today were man's natural places upon the earth were man fit into the ecosystem. Planting one tree in the middle will not turn deserts back into Milk and Honey Lands but Suburban and Urban Forests (Magazine Urban Forests) begin around the rim and grow inward. Soil is a mixture of sand, clay, and humus. Many deserts already have the sand. Lizards make good pets and adapt to nature centers. Ground burrowers aerate and fertilize soil, and build underground rivers allowing rainwater to absorb rather than striking the top of hard unpenetrable ground carrying off topsoil. Quality feeding ground burrowers is a valuable contribution to nature. Before deserts repelled moisture causing it to rain on Noah's mountain and flood down into the valley mists watered the earth at night. Melting snow mist crystals flow into streams. Man has advanced his knowledge of caring for the earth. More permanent roads may not be needed since we will be free to have alternative air transport, most populations live along waterways, and home life will be enjoyable and productive. My high school Biology teacher taught our class about wind factors. When one is driving 55 miles an hour in still air a 55 mile an hour wind is blowing on the front of the car. Capturing the wind in wind tunnels containing many small whirling pinwheels keeps electricity going to the battery of an electric car, boat, or airplane. Extending the length of the vehicle the wind tunnels leave clean air in back. My children being positively directed I was never afraid of their being perpetual motion. Being free to move as a result of their good behavior they enjoyed still activities. 

Science is all known measurable or related truths and newly revealed truths in the search for truth. The eighth edition of Science and Technology McGraw-Hill Encyclopedia defines science as, "The study of nature and natural phenomena." Scientists categorize truth and those categories are called sciences. The first sentence of many books is "This is the science of . . ." The rule of science is, "All science is Repeatable." For newly discovered results to be presented as science to the scientific community a scientist must establish a written formula with written step just like a construction plan producing the same results every time just like a construction plan. Scientists have taken all possible combinations of chemical reactions and discovered life does not come from non-life by chemical reactions therefore we do know it is not possible to begin life by any combination of chemical reactions. Scientists can write a formula with all possible combinations of chemical reaction and the results. The formula will always obtain repeatable results of the combination of all possible chemical reactions. Those results are science. Scientists can write a formula with repeatable results that sustain life. We are the receivers of all accumulated knowledge throughout history of how to sustain life. Knowledge keeps developing. We do know time is infinite. Time always was. Was there time without life? Life always was. Life forms complement each other. If your house is clean you are the life form in the house. If your house needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as ants. If your yard is clean you are the life form in the yard. If your yard needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as flies. If you are clean and flies come to your picnic they are just the neighbor's yard cleaners. An old American Indian proverb is life is growing short if one sees an owl face to face. Owls feed on mice cleaners. If the environment supports survival of long winged owls long winged owls will be surviving parents for the next generation. Rotting behavior is not life. Some rotting behavior may believe it can live if people are dirtied and more people are convinced to find a way for rotting behavior to live. The earth is our home. Maintaining our home and our life is our responsibility. Man keeps advancing his knowledge of how to sustain life. I am greatful to all my ancestors for developing the science of sustaining life. The whole natural foods of the earth complement the needs of our body. Scientists use tools called theories in their search for truth. A theory is the question, "Could this be true?" Theories are questions used in the search for answers. 

The children of Jacob felt unloved by others while others were loving the things man made more than they loved Jacob's children. Jacob's children called this love for things man made when the love was greater than love for them the love of idols which they considered a great wrong. Children who feel material things man made are loved more than them begin to destroy idols and their creators as fortold. 

For bad guys going good protection from old associates still expecting bad guy cooperation may be acquired in the future by teamwork in going good anonymous. All a guy needs to say to his old associates is he is a member of going good anonymous and he is free of expectations of being bad and free to be good for a living. Providee positive effect on provider ability to provide may result in possible continued providee provider relationship. 

Families are the soil where people are developed into good students. I did what my mother said because I cared about her. I desired to do what she wanted but did not always understand what she wanted. Once when I was a preschooler she asked me to stay where I was. I did. Since I did I had. In Disney's book "Goofy" Goofy was always trying to do everything by obedience and always messing it up? When he did he was told, "You should have..." He always said, "I'll do that next time." and he did. What he should have done last time never applied to what would accomplish the task the next time but he did. I believe in watching over children always while they are learning to function on their own. Addressing the subject of obedience, what are a two year old's communication skills? Doctor Dodson says "A two year old may not be able to obey the same as a six year old.", and if one is taught the only reason one does or does not do something is because someone says they might not know the other reasons and when the someone who says to or not to is not able to control there is no other reason. Inability to reason results. Inability to reason is the cause of low class. Forced obedience causes rebellion. Forced obedience and rebellion are connected not forces obedience and goodness. Rebellious may accuse any goodness as being the result of obedience. Productivity is power. Power used to support meeting needs is desirable. Power used to tell someone what to do or not do causes lack of ability to reason resulting in inability to survive without exterior support. Inability to reason is given less power in society by giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment causing a division between the classes to determine professions. With less power to tell people what to do or not to do what crossing over their circle of what not to dos deceptive ways are used to gain power to tell people what to do or not to do? How many people do they want power over? What powers have been and are being captured to tell people what to and not to do? The records switching project where the records of the good students were switched with the records of the poor students to see how the teachers grade the following years will be used to learn from to apply objective grading rather than fission families. I was one of those students my report card for the three quarters of the school year after Marysville flooded being filled in with undesirable marks while I was unable to attend school the Yuba City school and schools in the area taking in all the children they could but my birthday being at the end of the year I was low priority. I received an A in Behavior Observations and know how to write objective reports. When in grade school the teacher graded upon number of answers right the grades I was switched with became 100% with dependability. A tall Norseman who I once worked with told me a good work ethic is to maintain a crew work pace working steadily rather than fast. 

The Scientific Laws of Human Development have success at teaching obedience because the obedience teaching is kindly but the results is success in acquiring obedience when no one else is experiencing the same success. Does one want their child to be the only one everyone can get away with dictating to? Power uses discretion in what power supports. Giving obedience gives power. Obedience has been misused by exterior dictators. Dictating is weakness that must be exterior supported. Obedience causes some to fear the rise to power of exterior dictators. I myself know how to develop obedience kindly but teaching people to do what others dictate is not kind. After I had acquired obedience from my child I did not feel we needed to live by dictating. Dictating was not the means used to acquire goodness. I did not use dictating to raise my children. Dictating obedience was not necessary for our actively engaged learning together family. We were actively involved in going to the library, Sea World, the San Diego Zoo, Wild Animal Kingdom, the park, and walking around the neighborhood with the stroller. We spent all day every day playing and reading stories from Disney and the library. I naively taught my child obedience because I believed obedience was a virtue. I was successful. The results may be undesirable for both success and lack of success for a practice based upon dictating. Not needing to dictate I did not need to teach obedience which I learned when my first child was about 18 months old and being self-regulated dictating was unnecessary. The magic word, please, was always appropriate. When he was 10 months old I did not like the bars on his crib and had lowered one side pushing the crib up against a sofa which he could climb out onto and down to the end stepping down onto the floor. Being his first companion I woke the next morning with his gentle fingers raising my eye lid with the eye lashes while he looked into my eye. Kind cooperation is a virtue. Love, the first commandment, is greater than obedience. Once I realized I needed to apologize to my one year old for having taken some bad advice. I thought it may be embarrassing. Contemplating options I could repent and live right next to not being able to face the embarrassment of being wrong and having to living life by the bad advice. I will always be glad I chose to apologize to my one year old. Someone who has done wrong to me has not been able to face the embarrassment so we could live right. Perhaps others are having the same difficulty. 

I can not add obedience to repeatable science. People have intellects and act in intelligent ways. Intelligent actions are best. There is no room in anyone's positively directed educationally engaged life for forced obedience now or in the future. Sometimes others dictate because they have the impression they are right. Chin up visually doing the right thing is sometimes enough to communicate you know best. Dictators never do. Dictators make more dependence on being told what to do supporting the dictator's phony appearances. Does obedience qualify to be a theory? I prefer to teach how to manage educating dictators into supporting themselves. Prevent the appearance of needing controlling. Choosing and doing the right thing is good leadership. When my employer hired me she expected me to know what to do. I had to prepare my own lesson plans and study how to do my job. She refused to do my preparation qualifying me for each day's work. As a result of the record switching project others with the power of refusing to allow me to prepare because they expected her to tell me what to do did not let me do my job. Their idea of education is silence even for preschoolers. My employer did not think silence was education. Education prepares an employee to know how to do their job. 

While to tell others what to do or not to do may not be effective, engaging people in quality activities is effective. If we are effective with some but not all people will start wondering about a division in the classes and may do the equivalent of a record switch. Providing education to meet the needs of each student makes education fulfilling rather than giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment in order to create a division between the classes to determine professions but also creating a division that keeps growing wider. A positive self-concept is everyone's need. Doctors and nurses no longer need to nurse the long line of failure causing a division between the classes used to lower into a life of mindless work. Solutions for the future do not include upside downing history in order to reverse the continually wider division between the classes. Black hats are switched with white hats their qualifications being what they know about while sometimes testing how much authority can get away with, and mental health workers thinking they already know everything anyway using their power to cheat their way through college and to abuse people believing abuse is the power to tell people what to and not to do while saying if they were treated like that they would be crazy therefore everyone is crazy having people join being crazy for profit with a social life. Having been judged in the past they defend for the future by judge-mental ness bate profits. Those who cheat call success idealistic or unrealistic and spend their lives working to teach people the way things really are. Example, "It's the nineties." Those who try very hard and do not succeed may be jealous of people who do succeed. What results from jealousy? Abusers knowing the abused does not know the source of abuse may in kind friendship advise they be paid to take revenge on others in behalf of the abused in order to disable the abuse resulting in the abusers being paid to controllingly abuse others while the abused believes the abuse is not yet disabled and the controlling abusers taking credit for their ruling the lives of others being why people who studied work productively in care and service to others. Some who want to elevate themselves out of menial labor obtain money to pay menial labor with profits on physical repair. Who did it for profit and power? Warning of danger becomes controlling by danger. Freedom is the future course of the world. 

Switching the classes is an invalid solution. The premises for high class deserving to be switched to low class are based upon high class being too high to see other people's problems, based upon the assumption of high class being the result of others being pushed down, based upon false assumptions switching finances switches sanities thus resulting in the definition of finances, based upon false accusation of high class hurting the feelings of low class by having low class manners, and based upon high class knowing not to talk to the inability to reason that people will know how it feels to have people not talk to them either thus attributing not talking to people being based upon finances rather than low class inability to reason and changing whose decision it is not to talk to people unless being paid to talk to people payment also including being bribed. Within the information era the average productive intelligence will be greater than the greatest in history. Educated people are personally qualified to determine how to earn a living meeting people's needs having their own needs and the needs of their family met in return. Our Stewards are our greatest asset in a world changing from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development. Looking at the labor force as a whole with all workers contributing to the needed labor helps show wages increase in all fields for everyone who accomplishes professional adaptation, thus contributing to the economy. The future is a new place. Faith has developed into knowledge and keeps advancing into knowledge of the laws of physics, society development, logic, and reasoning so one can appear to break the laws of physics while actually functioning upon them. Erik Erickson famous child psychologist said at the age of eighty, "Play your whole life." 

Knowing human development protects one from not knowing when one sees or experiences wrong human development. The Bible defines the adversary as "the accuser" or as my mother said, "What they say is what they are." which is the only thing they can make a living on. Accusers may slander to excuse their own behavior claiming revenge and to capture productive energy forcing choices of joining slave people to support behavior that does not support itself or be slaved. What reverse psychology is used by the con to gain being punished into what is wanted for all time as a result of being coldly rejected? How does taking a stand for the right cause an evil soul to burn and say, "You made me burn." in response to objections of being slandered and slaved? Some family members of profiteers who get their needs met by wrong doing gain wealth by sturring up trouble. Those who cry about being abused are accused of reacting which may cause someone to harm back who makes a living on what they are which is fine to them but undesirable to others because their profit system is different which they prefer. If one tells them what you are paying them so much money for will they make sure of it? If people say why workers fled and come to serve will powers of exterior support make sure of it? How are products and services sourced? The goal is developing what they are and say into earning a living. May you be productive and free. Productive Self-Governing Citizens is the goal. But the fruit of the Spirit is Love, Joy, Peace, Kindness, Goodness, Faithfulness, Gentleness, Self-Control, against such there is no law. From verse 22 of 5th Galatians. We need to develop a science of how to develop into productivity influences such as ones who plan to make a secure continual living on wrong human development and gain business by giving bad advice. I work with providers who elevate by educating and providing quality living. Hoping this information brings freedom. While researching I asked a man, "If someone hit you would you work?" He said, "Of course No." Someone who was trying to run people's lives on the basis of his thinking which was invalid reasoning said he has been doing so with everyone else's life before mine which could explain the long recession. Cries of wrong doing bring the response, "He will get his." share. Choosing your own course and sticking with your own course lets people know you choose your path in behalf of others and the earth. 

Biological feedback equipment can detect body functions and transmit discomfort causing one to buy relief eliminating brains putting dictators in power. All energy is convertible to useful energy. Redirect to honest earnings. Discourage stock in over the counter repair and profits from other repair also which may be used to cause further need of repair. Biofeedback equipment can also detect the professor's movements, steal the consciousness off the brains of the students, and lip read as it did during the draft. Not having studied a dictator's thinking has no educational foundation but is propaganda which violates the laws of logic, if-then-therefore, and the laws of reasoning, deductive and inductive, or is not supported by evidence. Example of violations of the laws of logic and reasoning: The conclusion that violates the laws of reasoning, which are stated in chapter one of plane geometry, at the end of paragraph fifty-two of the Unabomber Manifesto is based upon two violations of the laws of logic in the Unabomber Manifesto. We need national defense to support citizens earning an honest living. Combat does not prevent communism but is the cause as in China after the Boxer Rebellion and in Russia after loss of manpower after combat. America has been in a thirty year recession from which America is just coming out. The military need not feel it needs to develop people into needing to be controlled for military job security. Raphael said, "It is easy to get two people sitting next to each other fighting. Someone hits one over the back of the head. He thinks it is the other and hits the other over the head." The more one hits the other over the head the more one is hit over the back of the head because the one hit over the back of the head always thinks it is the other. Is fighting good for wrong human development profiteering businesses the business of war driving the whole world crazy for love of profit and power? Others may win at their own game drawing big powers into the conflict on their side by making the other look in the wrong. Appearing as they really are is covered to a communist who can exterior support phony appearances of innocence and peace. Yes, Communists are wrong human development profiteers, profiting from people living on their own and others' wrong human development by living on support from others. However, reverse logic is not valid logic therefore not proving all wrong human development profiteers to be communist but still living on wrong human development profiteering. What portion of our taxes support wrong human development profiteering? Pet control may be used to convert people to support wrong human development profiteering. What defense does an innocent pet made to look in the wrong have?

If the China military earned a living on world unity the China military could support world unity. If the world militaries earned a living supporting world unity the world militaries could support the China military supporting world unity. Would a military government leader maintain power by sturring up trouble with other military forces in the world? Some military personnel have been using military power to cross over their circle of past exterior controlled what not to dos for the purpose of being supported to dictate. World wrong human development is world military dictatorship. 

As a result of events in biblical recorded history, "And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our sister be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them." we have many keepers of the gate. To quote a keeper of the gate, " I was just trying to turn you into a keeper of the gate." adding the explanation heaven needed a gate keeper. Gate keepers, co-dependent upon wrong human development, how many gate keepers do we need? One wrong human development profiteer communicated he could only make a living on what he deserved.

Education is the foundation for governing, an educated citizenry being qualified to self-govern. Equipment used to bypass studying deletes qualifications to govern. One does not want one who did not study telling anyone what to do. Would military personnel gain job security, fame, and dictatorship by attacking the people while making another peoples look responsible? Does world trade decrease the business of war? Is an act of war good for the business of war? For military power and profits how easy is it to get people from the same country on airplanes? A new department of the reserves adapting military to civilian earnings needs military support by being rewarding. How was the radar over the Pentagon and on top of the world trade buildings functioning? The Doctors both physical and mental will have lots of work curing the elderly and military who profit by communism and profit by supporting the dictatorship side of a conflict as a result of people being attacked by one side of a conflict who makes the other side look like the attacker. Please contract the military to recognize and establish their own good behavior toward citizens of Democracy and developing Democracies though advancing world Democracy closes military bases. World good human development will put the military out of work. The military since their existence is the result of wrong human development may need positive directing by the government of self-governing peoples. 

We need to be managing the military and helping military personnel adapt. Emergency response has already been tried. Emergencies can be created. Peaceful border control needs to continue being in the hand of people who benefit from peace. Protection is developing others into meeting needs productively. Many meet their needs by pity and believe they are doing others a favor by meeting other's needs by pity also causing bawling for a living while coming between one and one's right to earn a living. What does, "Give'em the business." mean? National conflict changing heads of households from men to elderly will not be necessary. Communism thrives by giving bad advice. Elderly who experience their needs are met because families are divided may divide families to meet their needs. Thank you for protecting people from wrong human development advice for supporting militaries, for supporting wrong human development profiteers, for eliminating the competition for quality elderly care, and to fission families into service to them all. Is all abuse and terror good for wrong human development profiteering? Does polluting eliminate the competition? 

Thank you for educating people out of being exterior controlled to prevent too overeducated to become slaves. Elderly care by the community means elderly receive care by the good human community development they have developed and are developing. In the past elderly may have learned to have their needs met in conditions of snowballing wrong human development while these conditions were not good for the rest of society. Please redirect to Democracy Elderly Care. For continued quality elderly care society needs to be strong. Powers for exterior support will no longer count elderly as big power for dictatorship that is supported by the people's labors. The ElderlyAirChairBedBath has air chambers opening and closing over a tussah wash toilet, air chambers that rock the ElderlyAirChairBedBath back and forth like a ball, and air chambers that adjust pressure and position. Modesty is assured with body suits that open in the back accompanied by pull-over or pull-around shorts. My elderly care employer loved caring for elderly as though they were dolls in a doll house. 

Since the constitution places the people over the military not the military over the people as citizens we need to manage a military containing some air force personnel using military power and time to work in behalf of their God who they plan to come and tell everyone what to do with the help of the military the military attacking people's brains making limitations that people will loose their freedom to wrong human development profiteers helping tell people what to do also, some people being told to attack other people's brains that others can receive the same financial reward system by living on the people. Is it safe in the air? Biofeedback equipment used to steal the consciousness off people's brains leaves the population defenseless to a dictator's inability to reason, the inability to reason used as power to control to wrong. Having brains is the legal definition of life. No one wants to be a robot. For the inability to logic and reason to attempt to seduce others into joining them brains may have been attacked first. The night of the hits I dreamed one form with many faces said, "We proved we have the power to hit. Now you have to do whatever we say." If one lets them control the plane, where will it go? Since power is their goal doing what they say gives them power. Dictators have not studied. If they had they would know better. Do those who develop thieves expect to be exterior supported? Is the leader of thieves a thief? Was national defense stolen by thieves for their defense and applied to the power of thieves? When around the corner within walking distance the sermon after the attack was about how the terror attack was driving people to God and they hoped we did not need too many more of these things before people turned to God I knew the predator ate the shepherd and his wife the medical attendant was feeding on the flock abused bodies medical profiteers masterminding terror and war for a profit. The attack was holy terror dictatorship that needs to be exterior supported. Predators among the flock may jointly think it is all just a con to get people to be good, however, the flock was gathered and founded upon teachings which are good society development and good human development, therefore, people are good. As a child I was greatful to my flock and thought others were greatful to their flock as I was greatful to my mother and they were greatful to their's. I thought it was all just non-monopoly. Greed may count upon other's greed joining in. Predators among the flocks may cause wrongdoing between the flocks to destroy. Productive creative human development is heaven on earth and heaven in the future. Are they afraid to come out and work the only thing they can make a living on being to drive society crazy? A lay minister may be a wrong human development profiteer. Where was the sermon we went to hear? Dictatorship is based upon violations of the laws of intelligent thought processes. Punish-mental persons setting others up to be accused my give dictators power over workers acquiring labor to support telling peoples what to and not to do. Telling people what to and not to do does not support itself. Men who are warriors may be supported instead of supporting leaving the work to the woman and others. Raphael said, "When white man came to America they found woman doing all the work and thought they could improve on a system like that." and "Treat a tramp like a lady and treat a lady like a tramp." Raphael also said, "I hate self-righteous people." Intelligence is slandered when F grades are switched to A grades resulting in wrong thinking it is right and people saying intelligence is dangerous. The F grade thinking it is right is a dictator needing to be freed from bossing people. Good looking dictators may be used by powers of exterior support because good looking is supposed to be able to get away with bossing. An F grade may mess up thought processes with intent. Function on an education, not on what an F grade says. Education functions. The amount of punish-mental ness is equal to the amount of need for war profits. How is punish-mental ness used to fuel war? Have punish-mental people made punishment look like suicide in the past? Can punishment be made to look like suicide bombing? Does people being harmed while going after a suspect embarrass some out of going after the real guilty party? 

The King's job was to protect his kingdom. Not being naive was a requirement for his job. A king had to know his sociology. The king had to see to all the needs of his people. Being king was not a job for complacency or dictating. If being king began to look like exterior support or dictating to people in his kingdom who he allowed hunger for exterior support and dictating, exterior supported dictatorship, he lost his job and his kingdom. Some Military personnel may be trapped by unconsciousness into the only way they can have their needs met. Rasputin may have been already needing exterior physical electrical processes support. If the Czar's relatives and Czararina Alexandria had scientific knowledge we have today they may have been able to give Rasputin life and protected by adjusting exterior enforcements thus permitting plus teaching others to meet their needs productively. We may all have our own Rasputins controlling by unconsciousness who can live without personal physical energy processes better than anyone else while living for attention and be working on solutions. The more exterior what not to dos they are given the more exterior support they need. Exterior what not to dos and exterior support are attention and can be mistaken for love. At school one child punched another child in the tummy and then threw himself down kicking and screaming as if he was the one punched. Was I supposed to accuse the other person? A false prophet is one prophesying the results of their own punishing. A genius whose contribution is valuable to the world is exempt from the draft. All science is repeatable. The scientific method applied may acquire results you may publish of your own. Wrong human development profiteering may make more profits than most anyone else but takes value out of currency. 

Professional Adaptation Education from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development needed. One wrong human development major minored in adaptation to good human development. Hopefully in the future there will be a law requiring alternative sources of income for wrong human development profiteers. Forever innocence investigated forever is forever pay. Professional adaptation causes less competition for people living on wrong human development. What can be done for the policeman who is mad at innocence because what will he do for money? Professional Adaptation Please. Protect your child from being turned into a wrong human development profiteer by wrong human development profiteers because your child is good. A separate interested party seeing to the future of children that does not earn a living on wrong human development is needed. 


Futurentology. 

Scientific Peace Formula. 

Quality Parenting and Teaching equals Democracy. Researcher Janet Hartwick. Thank You for GREAT SERVICE ! ! ! Thank You Minute Women and Minute Men. Intellectual Materials Copyright. My Testimony in Peace Parenting Written 1996 and Published, updated. 

Prosperity spread through many lands during a time of great depression as a result of the people being taught the teachings of their three great prophets Abraham teaching one God, Moses teaching the ten commandments, and Jesus teaching the first and second great commandments 'Thou salt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it. Thou salt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the laws of the prophets.' by Mohammad who joined a camel caravan at the age of fourteen. How easy is it for the anti-Christ to get two peoples who believe in the teachings of Jesus fighting? 


Wrong human development profiteers accusing and gaining prey by the legal process, sometimes holding court, and eating the results is cannibalism. Cannibals hate "self-righteous" people and accuse the other before being accused especially when having done something wrong. What does a cannibal call winning? What does friends and popularity mean to a cannibal? How does a cannibal play on people's good intentions? How does a cannibal play on people's obedience and duty to job? Would they choose a thief for their leader? Whose profit system is harming people? Is a cannibal in love with being crazy for profit with a social life? One person's complaint of being abused while the abuser was pointing a finger at her and calling her crazy received the response the abuser's family was in the mental health business and they could only make a living on what they were winning at what they were better than anyone else their considering her sanity a hard nut to crack. While they are inflicting people with their inability to reason, they are willing to be paid to give the cure to see things their way by forcing people to talk to the inability to reason. The opening Pandora's box look of "Let them do anything they want?" excuse for punishing indicates lack of leadership, lack of supervision, lack of providing positive choices of things to be doing, lack of providing, lack of providing and being good companionship, and lack of education in enjoying the good things in life. Does an extended related family member of mental health profiteers joining a religion and making a phony marriage unwanted by the bride who was engaged when she did not want to be as a result of hearing herself say yes against her wishes to his, "This is your last chance. Will you marry me?" with a two night honeymoon of falling asleep watching him sit in an easy chair in a dark room with the light of the T.V. facing him reflect his shape preceding fainting regularly after having the flue for over a month to come to, to see him come through the room door bare-chested holding a plunger, that was alibied with darling artificially inseminated children acquired by standing on one's head while assuming for four years he came home at night not being able to wait up till midnight for another year his not being there when she awoke during the four years and deceiving the people into opening Pandora's box to control a person out of real marriage where she learned microscopic does not always mean not seen upon sight with years of not having the flue after years of having the flue back into a phony marriage but really into twenty-four hour three hundred and sixty-five day a year live-in elderly care eliminate the competition for elderly care, Sunday the day of rest, in behalf of dictatorship? Since the person pulling the phony marriage after presenting himself as being single is already married and can not marry again, the single person they pull a phony marriage upon is married without the other person being married to them. Asking to prove a phony marriage may result in revengeful wild accusations. Another purpose for pulling a phony marriage may have been to make marriage look like exterior control abuse making doing right look like the result of exterior control abuse and doing wrong looking better than wrongful abuse to change wrong to right making doing wrong look justified. Revenge upon people who do not believe in harming people or doing revenge is harming without being harmed back. Pulling a phony marriage upon descendants of Abraham because Abraham's Grandson Jacob had two wives, Rachel and Leah, for revenge upon plural marriage is upon people of a different time and different circumstances. When Raphael said it was a fact that he hated his mother I did not know he belonged to a group of motherhood hater mental health profiteers seeking power. Not being judge-mental because one sees their own wrong doing does not mean people are judge-mental because they are innocent. Having knowledge in behavior management, a husband does not need to be so afraid of behavior he keeps his wife in bed every day by placing his fingers on her pressure points while she sleeps or if caught sprinkles dehydrated rattle snake venom on her bed sheets. Communism and religion do not mix. Democracy elderly care is good for the people. Let's lead and provide. Discipline discipl(in)e , meaning disciple of, is being positively engaged in enriching activities. Mary the mother of Baby Jesus was artificially inseminated other babies of artificial insemination not being alone. 

This script is sent to you without request for purse. Anyone asking for purse may be fueling wrong behavior. Raising the market may attract the notice of wrong human development profiteers placing themselves in your hands the hands of professional adaptation rather than you in theirs for a living. Anyone calling saying they represent me, it is not true but representatives of the records switchers seeking financing for highly expensive constant moral physical financial and spiritual abuse to drive workers to live in elderly service. Warnings have turned to promises of physical abuse to support the medical profession living on taxes to support communism and to support people needing money to pay the medical profession by working for communists, slander and slave, being slandered and abused out of other work, and turned to spiritual dictating by suspected threat of abuse to back-seat drive people's lives . Feel free to generate upon any of my work. Do give all sources credit. Permission to Copy, Publish, and Broadcast. 

Where there abused bodies medical profiteers in the Donner Party resulting in the Donner Party being trapped at Donner Summit? Please check the descendants of the Donner Party that settled below the snow line in California. How are they profitting? The related extended family members of military psychiatrist Dr. Hamm and his former wife of Woodside Way Auburn California have given and plan to give me the business following me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings evil spiriting harm. One can tell a cheating spirit because it will disagree with the text book. The related family members of their friend Mr. Cook were there too. If one says to a suspected spiritual dictator who would not be sitting there watching them working in a place of productivity other than they knew the worker would be there that perhaps he does not like strangers telling him what to do so he can see how others do not like strangers telling them what to do the dictator may dictate he was talked to for someone to say this and dictate the person is not allowed to talk to people. Another person following the worker to the place of productivity and conducting a booming conversation with someone equally not working may complain he was talked to when the worker suggests another place to carry on loud conversations. Are they giving others the business also? Did they bring with them the person who was angry at people in eastern USA. Did the military follow me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings spiritually dictating, robbing my time, and leaving signs of physical abuse? Did descendents of the Donner Party follow me by military transport? The military is over twenty percent of the nation's pollution. Early in the 1980's Susan Sweet said, "In 1984 the pigs will take over the world." Susan Sweet also said, "I love to hate." I did not know what she meant. In 1984 calling to make an order with the food co-op Susan started I told her I had helped my nieces and nephews move to the city of Vacaville California where their father could be closer to work instead of continuing to make a long commute. I also told her we had gone to family fishing day at Folsom Lake. Since I had been placed in the care of a sick abusive person as a child I told Susan I had made sure my children were in good care and others might be advised to be sure of the same. Did Susan Sweet override my caution? Did Susan cause the pigs to take over the world? The imposter may be a pig. No one will believe or knows how to address a military pilot formerly of closed Mather Air Force Base who is angry Democracy closed his base down and has abused me for the last ten years by military power because my profession is good human development which results in Democracy is the real Terrorist and succeeded in terror bringing in war profits to support him and his life style and others who live his life style but please prevent him from further acts of terror. I have been abused and if I am abused by him for his profits and others who join him for profits who else are they abusing military war games not needing to play both sides having real Democracy to play spiritual and physical war upon? Please disconnect power of the military over the labor force to reveal exterior supported phony appearances supporting exterior supported phony appearances. I have been followed by wrong human development profiteers. Please protect me and others from abuse and terror by war profiteers. Their acts of terror really did result in war. How much more terror to bring in war profits does he need? The military living on communism instead of being successful fighting communism, they will live on terror instead of being successful fighting terror giving the appearance of fighting terror to cause terror. Please protect the nations in the future from terror to stur up war thus causing loss of man power which causes communism which supports militaries. Were the terrorists seduced by the dark side? Is immorality nothing more than wanting attention, attention being mistaken for love and having needs met? While walking past Dr. Hamm's house on my way to college when his second son walked up to me and said he had touched everyone and everything in a marital way and everyone else was doing it also so would I do it with him I was naive to think people could stop him since they would not want him to touch him. I said I heard touching a frog gives warts. He also said his father knows the only reason people are nice is because they have alterior motives. He said marriage was only selfish female security. Did he think by his extended related family members pulling phony marriage to destroy marriage that then people would want to touch him? Touching everyone and everything in a marital way or wrongful abuse to change wrong to right may be the only two options they see for themselves 

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Unapproved Reader Submissions
Headline: Scientific Laws in Human Development
Subheadline:  
Author: researcherjanet@yahoo.com
&nbsp;
Latest Edition, Scientific Laws in Human Development. 

Developing Skills in Productive Fields of Interest. 

Do you give positive attention while one is being good? According to Doctor Fitzhough Dodson some learned the only way to receive attention was through inappropriate behavior. As long as one was good one may have been ignored. Some who ignored others when they were good may have felt compelled to give instant focused attention for inappropriate behavior. Misbehavior was therefore attention. Misbehavior became a social life. The person thought the behavior was who they were. Others believed the behavior was who the person was also. The behavior received attention from some in the environment and allied forces producing further teasing for social recognition. While wasting productive time other needs failed to be met causing the need to feed off productive forces. Changing who one became depends upon the process. In the past some thought dictated undesirableness would stop unwanted actions. Authoritarians did not know punishment, which is a behavior recognizer, fools by temporarily suppressing behavior while at the same time giving social and self-recognition causing the behavior to repeat. Punishment is both given and received. Punished behavior repeats acquiring neither goodness or obedience. Recognizing the difference between the behavior and the individual do give the individual attention. Doctor Dodson suggests easily gently distracting offering attention in a new direction redirecting the individual to fun learning activities that let the individual know they are valuable and people care their time is spent valuably, that meet needs, and that lead to productive behavior while applying Extinction Technique by giving zero attention to behaviors one does not wish to be repeated. Recognized productive behavior becomes repeated productive behavior. Generative productive personalities develop. Children's productive behavior is the right to have their educational needs met and be actively engaged in the educational process. Scientific studies by recorded observation of behavior under precise behavior recognition conditions produced the results: Recognized behavior repeats, or to quote the results, "Recognized behavior is repeated behavior." as stated in How to Parent, the beginning of the book saying it is written to mothers, by Doctor Fitzhough Dodson which I read July 1974 and applied. Dr. Dodson also wrote How to Grandparent and How to Father. These scientific facts may not have been available to others and you before so forgive others and yourself for the unchangeable past punishment can not change and focus upon life's qualities being specific and investigative. Make a future. Quoting a homes and gardens magazine, "The best way to quit a bad habit is to substitute it with a good habit." 

Providing fun safe multiple-choice learning experiences for expression in individuality in an environment which is safe to function within develops interest in learning while continual watching and providing for interests extends and expands learning. Extended expanded play learning is Emergent Curriculum in the Early Childhood Education Field. During play children learn to use symbols, written sign verbal pictorial musical constructive language, to communicate. The book One Hundred Languages of Children by Carolyn Edwards is the story of Italy's child development Reggio Emilia Schools. Learning projects at Reggio Emilia are self-discovery projects. The children are free to think through how to construct and measure in their own way. During play the children test their theories. Chapter nine is the true story of a small group of children who draw a life scale dinosaur. The children found a place in the schoolyard large enough to draw a dinosaur. The school provided for the children's access many measuring sticks, 'Rods', for laying side by side showing the precise height and length of the dinosaur. The school spared no rods. The children learned measuring skills used in building societies. The King's foot measurement divided into one dozen makes twelve inches. Cubit rods measure cubits. During projects the teachers engage the children in conversation. Children are inspired to inquisitiveness as a result of the teacher's provocative questions. Projects are displayed at community gatherings giving each child a sense of community. Community observers give recognition of correct principles applied to create each project. Rods used in child education to show quantities are Quizenairy Rods. Each uniform section on the rod is displayed by color. Each consecutive rod is one unit longer. Rods make useful levers. Rods reach under and pull out items a person can not reach. A walking stick is a sturdy rod. Children attain higher principles. 

Two principles of early childhood education are each classroom has three times as many positive free choice learning activities as the number of children and children are free to ask for their needs. Parent participation preschool in my neighborhood had free choice parent directed learning centers with one parent center for every five children. One parent participated one day a week for each child. Increasing good human development bonds neighborhood families and peers and efficiently creates a four day labor week and one family and community day. Quoting Doctor Fitzhough Dodson, "What is the ultimate goal we are working toward in the training of our children? If we reflect deeply on this question, most of us would say that our ultimate goal is to produce an adult who has learned self-regulation, who has learned to exercise his freedom in a responsible way." "A baby's wants are a baby's needs." "Mother is a baby's first social life." "The learner must be in condition to learn." "Give your child a positive model of what he should do." Mother and Father set an example as learning discovery information gatherers. Family members share learning experiences providing all education attention. A baby wants a social skill development learning day. Infancy is the optimum time to learn social skills thus developing social infants. Social infants tend to have their needs met according to scientific studies by recorded observation. People respond to social infants. (The Developing Person by Kathleen Stassen Berger) 

Doctor Fitzhough Dodson believes basic honesty is learned through the appropriate meeting of honest needs as in when one is honestly sleepy and honestly hungry. Messages by the blood stream requesting energy are honest biological messages. Baby's respect for personal property is gained by experiencing having personal property others respect. Children who see material thing meeting people's needs connect material things with meeting needs. My coat meets my needs and your coat meets your needs. Children who have their needs met are not busy doing that which is undesirable. Providing places for children to place their needs assures children their material needs are ready and waiting for them when needed. Baby sees others meeting needs and matures into the desire to meet needs also. Respect includes the owner's personal power over decisions to share including consideration and respect to the givers of gifts. When the choice is theirs to make children enjoy sharing. All children need their needs met at all times. (We do also.) 

My self-regulating infants slept when their bodies needed sleep. Since my infants had interesting active days they slept well at night. During the day they were free to nap. Toddlers wake up hungry for Break/Fast after early A.M. sleeping. Meals and snacks follow naturally. Studies show when a healthy variety of foods are placed upon the table in serving bowls family style children always choose a balanced diet. There are so many healthy choices in the variety of all good foods no one need ever take what one does not like. By choice I have developed a taste for sauerkraut. By experience sauerkraut was a food I had never heard of until junior high. My daughter in her highchair while I was feeding her Campbell's Vegetable Beef Soup ejected every pea. In two months she was eating peas with pleasure. Is it possible she was eating peas with pleasure because I did not force her to eat them? My personal choice of entertainment, reading, and activities being ecological non-fiction I saw the need to educate my children in the difference between non-fiction and fiction the first time they were exposed to fiction entertainment. 

Since I could only clean wherever I was at wherever I was at was clean. Stepping out of bed the covers went up, dressing one item in the bath was cleaned, walking down the hall the beds were made, and rising up from breakfast the dishes were washed and kitchen cleaned. After relaxing in the afternoon the floors were done. The work was always already done. When I spent my time with the children the house stayed clean. We were actively involved in fun discovery and skill building. Education by experience was direct attentive communication by personal attention or wonderful education filled classroom lectures like circle time and college classes, sing along language skill development, learning projects, free choice positive learning experiences, reading good books, and playground social skills development health education. Reggio Emilia's idea of education also includes community and family social dining. Living the Scientific Laws of Human Development meant we could dine with the results of royalty having our typical lunch experience. I reply, "In 'government for the people, by the people, and of the people' everyone is royalty." Art and spatial relationships classes at college taught me principles of construction, space, design, and perception for skills in creativity. All these principles are repeatable science. The classes are fun. I loved my college classes and believe college has great value. While holding my small baby in my arms I thought of his future. I decided to give him opportunities to learn how to think by enriching his young life with daily valuable opportunities for learning. Personal knowledge would qualify him to choose how to care for people and the earth. Intelligence is applying one's profession to meeting the needs of the people. Raising him filled with the intelligence to know how to choose to apply professional services to serve others the best was my goal. Family fusion, productive energy resulting from family unity, bonds families. Extinct family fission, energy released as a result of family division. People experiencing having their needs met because families are united gains support for united families. 

Education is the power to direct one's own life. Self-regulating productive play educated persons develop into productive citizens. The process of meeting needs, which used to be called work, is now Playing Productively. Self-Governing peoples form a democracy. Democracy Occurs. World Democracy is National Defense. Peaceful nations is National Defense. National defense is Peaceful World Democracy. We have inherited the great gift of freedom and liberty. Preservation of freedom and liberty assures our future and the future of all. We are the light of Democracy before the world. 

Good human development brings freedom and liberty. Wrong human development is loss of liberty. One survival cure used in the past in distant places for rebellious reaction to being told what not to do was living in silence. One may feel rejected when one does not know they are in an environment where silence is being practiced. Whether silence is a cure or just preferred now that I know when others prefer silence because their personal selection of quality living is in the reading material they have chosen to add value to the moment I can join them with adding quality to the moment with my own chosen selection of valuable written material. When the mind is filled others enjoy words of value. People travel great distances to listen to learned people talk. Clean living peoples enhance our earth's vitality restoring and nurturing a clean planet. Homes, where good human development develops clean living citizens whose behavior does not need restricting by high energy prices, bring progress toward alternative energy. Workers in oil producing nations are learning skills to advance their nation into higher skilled higher paid services. Citizen's playing productively needs will be met. Good behavior raises the market. The market out competes gas and oil for a profit. Here is the way. The work is ahead. Please keep market coolness, pay everything, and profit take. Please prevent jumping the market causing an investor to interfere with work and mail to buy in low for the next ride up. Scientific advancements in Human Development raise the market every day. There are many stock markets in the world. 

Good human development develops self-controlled functioning upon knowledge. Wrong human development is exterior dictating resulting in the need for exterior support. To make a living on wrong human development there must be a drawing a circle around a person of exterior controlled what not to dos. The wrong human developers expect enforcers, as themselves, to be paid enforcing what not to dos. The person with the circle of what not to dos drawn around them becomes a slave of doing what not to dos for attention. Everyone becomes a slave to support what not to dos. For those trapped in outdated professions while crying for the world to continue earning a living on wrong human development they or others sometimes convince people good human development and wrong human development are reversed. One solution is new careers in helping office, field, and home-based professions adapt to people's true needs. A word of wisdom, "Avoid the appearance of evil." since punish-mental persons seeing opportunities of evil may believe someone needs controlling. 

A point on top of the ear indicated holding onto the top of the ear behavior management but they grew up to be men with a great deal of power. In the story of Brer Bear, and Brer Fox, and Brer Rabbit, Brer Rabbit was stuck in the tar baby. Brer Bear and Brer Fox were thinking of what to do with Brer Rabbit since they had made the tar baby to catch Brer Rabbit. Brer Rabbit said, "Please, don't throw me in the briar patch." Brer Bear and Brer Fox threw Brer Rabbit in the briar patch. Brer Rabbit jumped up and down and said, "I told you not to throw me in the briar patch. The Briar Patch is my home." A caught con wants the protection of thick walls where all his needs are met for the length of time society will be angry. Where does a con not want you to throw him? Society wants to be free from the con not knowing how to meet his needs appropriately. Everyone is happy so the process is not punishment other than being with everyone else society is angry at however a con is in joint company while innocent persons are not but does it develop people into meeting needs appropriately? 

Good behavior develops mentally and physically healthy people. Doctors and nurses earn a living being leaders in mental and physical health and curing those who profit by wrong human development and communism since what they made a living on is outdated prehuman development. Your health, not your unhealth, will be rewarding to the Doctor and nurse. The Doctor and nurse need you as well as you needing them so once you are healthy do remember the entire medical profession and all supporting fields still need to make a living. It is your turn to make them feel loved. Freeing people from past captivities is worthy employment. Hiring a lawyer with success in accomplishing right gives co-security for the right since you have the right to offer the lawyer while the other might have the wrong to offer. Lawyers help the balance in society of rebelliousness counteracting obeying a dictator the amount of rebelliousness in society being equal to the amount of dictating. Being caught in the trap is not necessary for those who do not practice dictating or being dictated unto. Many successful companies have their own insurance department. Intelligence adds value to the environment and the economy. Developed productive persons may be taught through fables defense against obedient enslavement to exterior commands and orders by punished no-self-control requesting the exterior control they were raised upon manipulators and their motives to gain go power by feeding untruth for others to function upon believing others are wrong to be so naive. Wrongdoing does not feed itself. If something needs exterior support is there wrong doing which must be feed by exterior support? Exterior support causes pollution. Productivity is fun. People who tell you what not to do may be rebellious themselves and while you are not picking up your baby and holding your baby their not picking up their baby and holding their baby is imagination. I listened to my baby and let such advice sail off in the wind. With the help of carriers and snuggles holders my baby was always with me. My baby was so positively directed active holding him became treasured moments. Clean safe places for the crawler to explore while being carefully watched develops the brain and body. Goal focusing keeps Toddlers going in a positive direction. Climbing is a toddler stage that can be easily provided for by many happy moments of climbing up and sliding down. Children's physical activity educates the brain in how fast the body is growing helping develop coordination the brain appreciating the goodness physical activity gives to the body. The arms growing longer than the brain knows results in a glass of milk being pushed over before the hand can clasp the glass. Cups with handles are useful during growth spurts. Raising the level of average is how to get ahead without leaving others behind. The best human developers served in many lands accomplishing goal oriented human development around the world. Human development knowledge is catching up with world progress. We know behavior that supports life. 

Man are meadow makers when "The more edge the better around a meadow for the wildlife to go in and out of the forest safely to graze on grass the sunlight can reach." Rule changes rectangle clear cuts from ugly useless patches to useful functions within the forests providing meadows. Grazing causes Native American grasses to thrive. 

The Land of Milk and Honey (Bible) which is now desert with intelligent planning again returns to Lands of Milk and Honey. Shawna my American River Biology Teacher said, "Deserts repel rain, and trees and plants attract rain." Deserts, I believe are not natural earth habitats but man made literal ruins from ancient civilizations. Where deserts are today were man's natural places upon the earth were man fit into the ecosystem. Planting one tree in the middle will not turn deserts back into Milk and Honey Lands but Suburban and Urban Forests (Magazine Urban Forests) begin around the rim and grow inward. Soil is a mixture of sand, clay, and humus. Many deserts already have the sand. Lizards make good pets and adapt to nature centers. Ground burrowers aerate and fertilize soil, and build underground rivers allowing rainwater to absorb rather than striking the top of hard unpenetrable ground carrying off topsoil. Quality feeding ground burrowers is a valuable contribution to nature. Before deserts repelled moisture causing it to rain on Noah's mountain and flood down into the valley mists watered the earth at night. Melting snow mist crystals flow into streams. Man has advanced his knowledge of caring for the earth. More permanent roads may not be needed since we will be free to have alternative air transport, most populations live along waterways, and home life will be enjoyable and productive. My high school Biology teacher taught our class about wind factors. When one is driving 55 miles an hour in still air a 55 mile an hour wind is blowing on the front of the car. Capturing the wind in wind tunnels containing many small whirling pinwheels keeps electricity going to the battery of an electric car, boat, or airplane. Extending the length of the vehicle the wind tunnels leave clean air in back. My children being positively directed I was never afraid of their being perpetual motion. Being free to move as a result of their good behavior they enjoyed still activities. 

Science is all known measurable or related truths and newly revealed truths in the search for truth. The eighth edition of Science and Technology McGraw-Hill Encyclopedia defines science as, "The study of nature and natural phenomena." Scientists categorize truth and those categories are called sciences. The first sentence of many books is "This is the science of . . ." The rule of science is, "All science is Repeatable." For newly discovered results to be presented as science to the scientific community a scientist must establish a written formula with written step just like a construction plan producing the same results every time just like a construction plan. Scientists have taken all possible combinations of chemical reactions and discovered life does not come from non-life by chemical reactions therefore we do know it is not possible to begin life by any combination of chemical reactions. Scientists can write a formula with all possible combinations of chemical reaction and the results. The formula will always obtain repeatable results of the combination of all possible chemical reactions. Those results are science. Scientists can write a formula with repeatable results that sustain life. We are the receivers of all accumulated knowledge throughout history of how to sustain life. Knowledge keeps developing. We do know time is infinite. Time always was. Was there time without life? Life always was. Life forms complement each other. If your house is clean you are the life form in the house. If your house needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as ants. If your yard is clean you are the life form in the yard. If your yard needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as flies. If you are clean and flies come to your picnic they are just the neighbor's yard cleaners. An old American Indian proverb is life is growing short if one sees an owl face to face. Owls feed on mice cleaners. If the environment supports survival of long winged owls long winged owls will be surviving parents for the next generation. Rotting behavior is not life. Some rotting behavior may believe it can live if people are dirtied and more people are convinced to find a way for rotting behavior to live. The earth is our home. Maintaining our home and our life is our responsibility. Man keeps advancing his knowledge of how to sustain life. I am greatful to all my ancestors for developing the science of sustaining life. The whole natural foods of the earth complement the needs of our body. Scientists use tools called theories in their search for truth. A theory is the question, "Could this be true?" Theories are questions used in the search for answers. 

The children of Jacob felt unloved by others while others were loving the things man made more than they loved Jacob's children. Jacob's children called this love for things man made when the love was greater than love for them the love of idols which they considered a great wrong. Children who feel material things man made are loved more than them begin to destroy idols and their creators as fortold. 

For bad guys going good protection from old associates still expecting bad guy cooperation may be acquired in the future by teamwork in going good anonymous. All a guy needs to say to his old associates is he is a member of going good anonymous and he is free of expectations of being bad and free to be good for a living. Providee positive effect on provider ability to provide may result in possible continued providee provider relationship. 

Families are the soil where people are developed into good students. I did what my mother said because I cared about her. I desired to do what she wanted but did not always understand what she wanted. Once when I was a preschooler she asked me to stay where I was. I did. Since I did I had. In Disney's book "Goofy" Goofy was always trying to do everything by obedience and always messing it up? When he did he was told, "You should have..." He always said, "I'll do that next time." and he did. What he should have done last time never applied to what would accomplish the task the next time but he did. I believe in watching over children always while they are learning to function on their own. Addressing the subject of obedience, what are a two year old's communication skills? Doctor Dodson says "A two year old may not be able to obey the same as a six year old.", and if one is taught the only reason one does or does not do something is because someone says they might not know the other reasons and when the someone who says to or not to is not able to control there is no other reason. Inability to reason results. Inability to reason is the cause of low class. Forced obedience causes rebellion. Forced obedience and rebellion are connected not forces obedience and goodness. Rebellious may accuse any goodness as being the result of obedience. Productivity is power. Power used to support meeting needs is desirable. Power used to tell someone what to do or not do causes lack of ability to reason resulting in inability to survive without exterior support. Inability to reason is given less power in society by giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment causing a division between the classes to determine professions. With less power to tell people what to do or not to do what crossing over their circle of what not to dos deceptive ways are used to gain power to tell people what to do or not to do? How many people do they want power over? What powers have been and are being captured to tell people what to and not to do? The records switching project where the records of the good students were switched with the records of the poor students to see how the teachers grade the following years will be used to learn from to apply objective grading rather than fission families. I was one of those students my report card for the three quarters of the school year after Marysville flooded being filled in with undesirable marks while I was unable to attend school the Yuba City school and schools in the area taking in all the children they could but my birthday being at the end of the year I was low priority. I received an A in Behavior Observations and know how to write objective reports. When in grade school the teacher graded upon number of answers right the grades I was switched with became 100% with dependability. A tall Norseman who I once worked with told me a good work ethic is to maintain a crew work pace working steadily rather than fast. 

The Scientific Laws of Human Development have success at teaching obedience because the obedience teaching is kindly but the results is success in acquiring obedience when no one else is experiencing the same success. Does one want their child to be the only one everyone can get away with dictating to? Power uses discretion in what power supports. Giving obedience gives power. Obedience has been misused by exterior dictators. Dictating is weakness that must be exterior supported. Obedience causes some to fear the rise to power of exterior dictators. I myself know how to develop obedience kindly but teaching people to do what others dictate is not kind. After I had acquired obedience from my child I did not feel we needed to live by dictating. Dictating was not the means used to acquire goodness. I did not use dictating to raise my children. Dictating obedience was not necessary for our actively engaged learning together family. We were actively involved in going to the library, Sea World, the San Diego Zoo, Wild Animal Kingdom, the park, and walking around the neighborhood with the stroller. We spent all day every day playing and reading stories from Disney and the library. I naively taught my child obedience because I believed obedience was a virtue. I was successful. The results may be undesirable for both success and lack of success for a practice based upon dictating. Not needing to dictate I did not need to teach obedience which I learned when my first child was about 18 months old and being self-regulated dictating was unnecessary. The magic word, please, was always appropriate. When he was 10 months old I did not like the bars on his crib and had lowered one side pushing the crib up against a sofa which he could climb out onto and down to the end stepping down onto the floor. Being his first companion I woke the next morning with his gentle fingers raising my eye lid with the eye lashes while he looked into my eye. Kind cooperation is a virtue. Love, the first commandment, is greater than obedience. Once I realized I needed to apologize to my one year old for having taken some bad advice. I thought it may be embarrassing. Contemplating options I could repent and live right next to not being able to face the embarrassment of being wrong and having to living life by the bad advice. I will always be glad I chose to apologize to my one year old. Someone who has done wrong to me has not been able to face the embarrassment so we could live right. Perhaps others are having the same difficulty. 

I can not add obedience to repeatable science. People have intellects and act in intelligent ways. Intelligent actions are best. There is no room in anyone's positively directed educationally engaged life for forced obedience now or in the future. Sometimes others dictate because they have the impression they are right. Chin up visually doing the right thing is sometimes enough to communicate you know best. Dictators never do. Dictators make more dependence on being told what to do supporting the dictator's phony appearances. Does obedience qualify to be a theory? I prefer to teach how to manage educating dictators into supporting themselves. Prevent the appearance of needing controlling. Choosing and doing the right thing is good leadership. When my employer hired me she expected me to know what to do. I had to prepare my own lesson plans and study how to do my job. She refused to do my preparation qualifying me for each day's work. As a result of the record switching project others with the power of refusing to allow me to prepare because they expected her to tell me what to do did not let me do my job. Their idea of education is silence even for preschoolers. My employer did not think silence was education. Education prepares an employee to know how to do their job. 

While to tell others what to do or not to do may not be effective, engaging people in quality activities is effective. If we are effective with some but not all people will start wondering about a division in the classes and may do the equivalent of a record switch. Providing education to meet the needs of each student makes education fulfilling rather than giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment in order to create a division between the classes to determine professions but also creating a division that keeps growing wider. A positive self-concept is everyone's need. Doctors and nurses no longer need to nurse the long line of failure causing a division between the classes used to lower into a life of mindless work. Solutions for the future do not include upside downing history in order to reverse the continually wider division between the classes. Black hats are switched with white hats their qualifications being what they know about while sometimes testing how much authority can get away with, and mental health workers thinking they already know everything anyway using their power to cheat their way through college and to abuse people believing abuse is the power to tell people what to and not to do while saying if they were treated like that they would be crazy therefore everyone is crazy having people join being crazy for profit with a social life. Having been judged in the past they defend for the future by judge-mental ness bate profits. Those who cheat call success idealistic or unrealistic and spend their lives working to teach people the way things really are. Example, "It's the nineties." Those who try very hard and do not succeed may be jealous of people who do succeed. What results from jealousy? Abusers knowing the abused does not know the source of abuse may in kind friendship advise they be paid to take revenge on others in behalf of the abused in order to disable the abuse resulting in the abusers being paid to controllingly abuse others while the abused believes the abuse is not yet disabled and the controlling abusers taking credit for their ruling the lives of others being why people who studied work productively in care and service to others. Some who want to elevate themselves out of menial labor obtain money to pay menial labor with profits on physical repair. Who did it for profit and power? Warning of danger becomes controlling by danger. Freedom is the future course of the world. 

Switching the classes is an invalid solution. The premises for high class deserving to be switched to low class are based upon high class being too high to see other people's problems, based upon the assumption of high class being the result of others being pushed down, based upon false assumptions switching finances switches sanities thus resulting in the definition of finances, based upon false accusation of high class hurting the feelings of low class by having low class manners, and based upon high class knowing not to talk to the inability to reason that people will know how it feels to have people not talk to them either thus attributing not talking to people being based upon finances rather than low class inability to reason and changing whose decision it is not to talk to people unless being paid to talk to people payment also including being bribed. Within the information era the average productive intelligence will be greater than the greatest in history. Educated people are personally qualified to determine how to earn a living meeting people's needs having their own needs and the needs of their family met in return. Our Stewards are our greatest asset in a world changing from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development. Looking at the labor force as a whole with all workers contributing to the needed labor helps show wages increase in all fields for everyone who accomplishes professional adaptation, thus contributing to the economy. The future is a new place. Faith has developed into knowledge and keeps advancing into knowledge of the laws of physics, society development, logic, and reasoning so one can appear to break the laws of physics while actually functioning upon them. Erik Erickson famous child psychologist said at the age of eighty, "Play your whole life." 

Knowing human development protects one from not knowing when one sees or experiences wrong human development. The Bible defines the adversary as "the accuser" or as my mother said, "What they say is what they are." which is the only thing they can make a living on. Accusers may slander to excuse their own behavior claiming revenge and to capture productive energy forcing choices of joining slave people to support behavior that does not support itself or be slaved. What reverse psychology is used by the con to gain being punished into what is wanted for all time as a result of being coldly rejected? How does taking a stand for the right cause an evil soul to burn and say, "You made me burn." in response to objections of being slandered and slaved? Some family members of profiteers who get their needs met by wrong doing gain wealth by sturring up trouble. Those who cry about being abused are accused of reacting which may cause someone to harm back who makes a living on what they are which is fine to them but undesirable to others because their profit system is different which they prefer. If one tells them what you are paying them so much money for will they make sure of it? If people say why workers fled and come to serve will powers of exterior support make sure of it? How are products and services sourced? The goal is developing what they are and say into earning a living. May you be productive and free. Productive Self-Governing Citizens is the goal. But the fruit of the Spirit is Love, Joy, Peace, Kindness, Goodness, Faithfulness, Gentleness, Self-Control, against such there is no law. From verse 22 of 5th Galatians. We need to develop a science of how to develop into productivity influences such as ones who plan to make a secure continual living on wrong human development and gain business by giving bad advice. I work with providers who elevate by educating and providing quality living. Hoping this information brings freedom. While researching I asked a man, "If someone hit you would you work?" He said, "Of course No." Someone who was trying to run people's lives on the basis of his thinking which was invalid reasoning said he has been doing so with everyone else's life before mine which could explain the long recession. Cries of wrong doing bring the response, "He will get his." share. Choosing your own course and sticking with your own course lets people know you choose your path in behalf of others and the earth. 

Biological feedback equipment can detect body functions and transmit discomfort causing one to buy relief eliminating brains putting dictators in power. All energy is convertible to useful energy. Redirect to honest earnings. Discourage stock in over the counter repair and profits from other repair also which may be used to cause further need of repair. Biofeedback equipment can also detect the professor's movements, steal the consciousness off the brains of the students, and lip read as it did during the draft. Not having studied a dictator's thinking has no educational foundation but is propaganda which violates the laws of logic, if-then-therefore, and the laws of reasoning, deductive and inductive, or is not supported by evidence. Example of violations of the laws of logic and reasoning: The conclusion that violates the laws of reasoning, which are stated in chapter one of plane geometry, at the end of paragraph fifty-two of the Unabomber Manifesto is based upon two violations of the laws of logic in the Unabomber Manifesto. We need national defense to support citizens earning an honest living. Combat does not prevent communism but is the cause as in China after the Boxer Rebellion and in Russia after loss of manpower after combat. America has been in a thirty year recession from which America is just coming out. The military need not feel it needs to develop people into needing to be controlled for military job security. Raphael said, "It is easy to get two people sitting next to each other fighting. Someone hits one over the back of the head. He thinks it is the other and hits the other over the head." The more one hits the other over the head the more one is hit over the back of the head because the one hit over the back of the head always thinks it is the other. Is fighting good for wrong human development profiteering businesses the business of war driving the whole world crazy for love of profit and power? Others may win at their own game drawing big powers into the conflict on their side by making the other look in the wrong. Appearing as they really are is covered to a communist who can exterior support phony appearances of innocence and peace. Yes, Communists are wrong human development profiteers, profiting from people living on their own and others' wrong human development by living on support from others. However, reverse logic is not valid logic therefore not proving all wrong human development profiteers to be communist but still living on wrong human development profiteering. What portion of our taxes support wrong human development profiteering? Pet control may be used to convert people to support wrong human development profiteering. What defense does an innocent pet made to look in the wrong have?

If the China military earned a living on world unity the China military could support world unity. If the world militaries earned a living supporting world unity the world militaries could support the China military supporting world unity. Would a military government leader maintain power by sturring up trouble with other military forces in the world? Some military personnel have been using military power to cross over their circle of past exterior controlled what not to dos for the purpose of being supported to dictate. World wrong human development is world military dictatorship. 

As a result of events in biblical recorded history, "And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our sister be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them." we have many keepers of the gate. To quote a keeper of the gate, " I was just trying to turn you into a keeper of the gate." adding the explanation heaven needed a gate keeper. Gate keepers, co-dependent upon wrong human development, how many gate keepers do we need? One wrong human development profiteer communicated he could only make a living on what he deserved.

Education is the foundation for governing, an educated citizenry being qualified to self-govern. Equipment used to bypass studying deletes qualifications to govern. One does not want one who did not study telling anyone what to do. Would military personnel gain job security, fame, and dictatorship by attacking the people while making another peoples look responsible? Does world trade decrease the business of war? Is an act of war good for the business of war? For military power and profits how easy is it to get people from the same country on airplanes? A new department of the reserves adapting military to civilian earnings needs military support by being rewarding. How was the radar over the Pentagon and on top of the world trade buildings functioning? The Doctors both physical and mental will have lots of work curing the elderly and military who profit by communism and profit by supporting the dictatorship side of a conflict as a result of people being attacked by one side of a conflict who makes the other side look like the attacker. Please contract the military to recognize and establish their own good behavior toward citizens of Democracy and developing Democracies though advancing world Democracy closes military bases. World good human development will put the military out of work. The military since their existence is the result of wrong human development may need positive directing by the government of self-governing peoples. 

We need to be managing the military and helping military personnel adapt. Emergency response has already been tried. Emergencies can be created. Peaceful border control needs to continue being in the hand of people who benefit from peace. Protection is developing others into meeting needs productively. Many meet their needs by pity and believe they are doing others a favor by meeting other's needs by pity also causing bawling for a living while coming between one and one's right to earn a living. What does, "Give'em the business." mean? National conflict changing heads of households from men to elderly will not be necessary. Communism thrives by giving bad advice. Elderly who experience their needs are met because families are divided may divide families to meet their needs. Thank you for protecting people from wrong human development advice for supporting militaries, for supporting wrong human development profiteers, for eliminating the competition for quality elderly care, and to fission families into service to them all. Is all abuse and terror good for wrong human development profiteering? Does polluting eliminate the competition? 

Thank you for educating people out of being exterior controlled to prevent too overeducated to become slaves. Elderly care by the community means elderly receive care by the good human community development they have developed and are developing. In the past elderly may have learned to have their needs met in conditions of snowballing wrong human development while these conditions were not good for the rest of society. Please redirect to Democracy Elderly Care. For continued quality elderly care society needs to be strong. Powers for exterior support will no longer count elderly as big power for dictatorship that is supported by the people's labors. The ElderlyAirChairBedBath has air chambers opening and closing over a tussah wash toilet, air chambers that rock the ElderlyAirChairBedBath back and forth like a ball, and air chambers that adjust pressure and position. Modesty is assured with body suits that open in the back accompanied by pull-over or pull-around shorts. My elderly care employer loved caring for elderly as though they were dolls in a doll house. 

Since the constitution places the people over the military not the military over the people as citizens we need to manage a military containing some air force personnel using military power and time to work in behalf of their God who they plan to come and tell everyone what to do with the help of the military the military attacking people's brains making limitations that people will loose their freedom to wrong human development profiteers helping tell people what to do also, some people being told to attack other people's brains that others can receive the same financial reward system by living on the people. Is it safe in the air? Biofeedback equipment used to steal the consciousness off people's brains leaves the population defenseless to a dictator's inability to reason, the inability to reason used as power to control to wrong. Having brains is the legal definition of life. No one wants to be a robot. For the inability to logic and reason to attempt to seduce others into joining them brains may have been attacked first. The night of the hits I dreamed one form with many faces said, "We proved we have the power to hit. Now you have to do whatever we say." If one lets them control the plane, where will it go? Since power is their goal doing what they say gives them power. Dictators have not studied. If they had they would know better. Do those who develop thieves expect to be exterior supported? Is the leader of thieves a thief? Was national defense stolen by thieves for their defense and applied to the power of thieves? When around the corner within walking distance the sermon after the attack was about how the terror attack was driving people to God and they hoped we did not need too many more of these things before people turned to God I knew the predator ate the shepherd and his wife the medical attendant was feeding on the flock abused bodies medical profiteers masterminding terror and war for a profit. The attack was holy terror dictatorship that needs to be exterior supported. Predators among the flock may jointly think it is all just a con to get people to be good, however, the flock was gathered and founded upon teachings which are good society development and good human development, therefore, people are good. As a child I was greatful to my flock and thought others were greatful to their flock as I was greatful to my mother and they were greatful to their's. I thought it was all just non-monopoly. Greed may count upon other's greed joining in. Predators among the flocks may cause wrongdoing between the flocks to destroy. Productive creative human development is heaven on earth and heaven in the future. Are they afraid to come out and work the only thing they can make a living on being to drive society crazy? A lay minister may be a wrong human development profiteer. Where was the sermon we went to hear? Dictatorship is based upon violations of the laws of intelligent thought processes. Punish-mental persons setting others up to be accused my give dictators power over workers acquiring labor to support telling peoples what to and not to do. Telling people what to and not to do does not support itself. Men who are warriors may be supported instead of supporting leaving the work to the woman and others. Raphael said, "When white man came to America they found woman doing all the work and thought they could improve on a system like that." and "Treat a tramp like a lady and treat a lady like a tramp." Raphael also said, "I hate self-righteous people." Intelligence is slandered when F grades are switched to A grades resulting in wrong thinking it is right and people saying intelligence is dangerous. The F grade thinking it is right is a dictator needing to be freed from bossing people. Good looking dictators may be used by powers of exterior support because good looking is supposed to be able to get away with bossing. An F grade may mess up thought processes with intent. Function on an education, not on what an F grade says. Education functions. The amount of punish-mental ness is equal to the amount of need for war profits. How is punish-mental ness used to fuel war? Have punish-mental people made punishment look like suicide in the past? Can punishment be made to look like suicide bombing? Does people being harmed while going after a suspect embarrass some out of going after the real guilty party? 

The King's job was to protect his kingdom. Not being naive was a requirement for his job. A king had to know his sociology. The king had to see to all the needs of his people. Being king was not a job for complacency or dictating. If being king began to look like exterior support or dictating to people in his kingdom who he allowed hunger for exterior support and dictating, exterior supported dictatorship, he lost his job and his kingdom. Some Military personnel may be trapped by unconsciousness into the only way they can have their needs met. Rasputin may have been already needing exterior physical electrical processes support. If the Czar's relatives and Czararina Alexandria had scientific knowledge we have today they may have been able to give Rasputin life and protected by adjusting exterior enforcements thus permitting plus teaching others to meet their needs productively. We may all have our own Rasputins controlling by unconsciousness who can live without personal physical energy processes better than anyone else while living for attention and be working on solutions. The more exterior what not to dos they are given the more exterior support they need. Exterior what not to dos and exterior support are attention and can be mistaken for love. At school one child punched another child in the tummy and then threw himself down kicking and screaming as if he was the one punched. Was I supposed to accuse the other person? A false prophet is one prophesying the results of their own punishing. A genius whose contribution is valuable to the world is exempt from the draft. All science is repeatable. The scientific method applied may acquire results you may publish of your own. Wrong human development profiteering may make more profits than most anyone else but takes value out of currency. 

Professional Adaptation Education from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development needed. One wrong human development major minored in adaptation to good human development. Hopefully in the future there will be a law requiring alternative sources of income for wrong human development profiteers. Forever innocence investigated forever is forever pay. Professional adaptation causes less competition for people living on wrong human development. What can be done for the policeman who is mad at innocence because what will he do for money? Professional Adaptation Please. Protect your child from being turned into a wrong human development profiteer by wrong human development profiteers because your child is good. A separate interested party seeing to the future of children that does not earn a living on wrong human development is needed. 


Futurentology. 

Scientific Peace Formula. 

Quality Parenting and Teaching equals Democracy. Researcher Janet Hartwick. Thank You for GREAT SERVICE ! ! ! Thank You Minute Women and Minute Men. Intellectual Materials Copyright. My Testimony in Peace Parenting Written 1996 and Published, updated. 

Prosperity spread through many lands during a time of great depression as a result of the people being taught the teachings of their three great prophets Abraham teaching one God, Moses teaching the ten commandments, and Jesus teaching the first and second great commandments 'Thou salt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it. Thou salt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the laws of the prophets.' by Mohammad who joined a camel caravan at the age of fourteen. How easy is it for the anti-Christ to get two peoples who believe in the teachings of Jesus fighting? 


Wrong human development profiteers accusing and gaining prey by the legal process, sometimes holding court, and eating the results is cannibalism. Cannibals hate "self-righteous" people and accuse the other before being accused especially when having done something wrong. What does a cannibal call winning? What does friends and popularity mean to a cannibal? How does a cannibal play on people's good intentions? How does a cannibal play on people's obedience and duty to job? Would they choose a thief for their leader? Whose profit system is harming people? Is a cannibal in love with being crazy for profit with a social life? One person's complaint of being abused while the abuser was pointing a finger at her and calling her crazy received the response the abuser's family was in the mental health business and they could only make a living on what they were winning at what they were better than anyone else their considering her sanity a hard nut to crack. While they are inflicting people with their inability to reason, they are willing to be paid to give the cure to see things their way by forcing people to talk to the inability to reason. The opening Pandora's box look of "Let them do anything they want?" excuse for punishing indicates lack of leadership, lack of supervision, lack of providing positive choices of things to be doing, lack of providing, lack of providing and being good companionship, and lack of education in enjoying the good things in life. Does an extended related family member of mental health profiteers joining a religion and making a phony marriage unwanted by the bride who was engaged when she did not want to be as a result of hearing herself say yes against her wishes to his, "This is your last chance. Will you marry me?" with a two night honeymoon of falling asleep watching him sit in an easy chair in a dark room with the light of the T.V. facing him reflect his shape preceding fainting regularly after having the flue for over a month to come to, to see him come through the room door bare-chested holding a plunger, that was alibied with darling artificially inseminated children acquired by standing on one's head while assuming for four years he came home at night not being able to wait up till midnight for another year his not being there when she awoke during the four years and deceiving the people into opening Pandora's box to control a person out of real marriage where she learned microscopic does not always mean not seen upon sight with years of not having the flue after years of having the flue back into a phony marriage but really into twenty-four hour three hundred and sixty-five day a year live-in elderly care eliminate the competition for elderly care, Sunday the day of rest, in behalf of dictatorship? Since the person pulling the phony marriage after presenting himself as being single is already married and can not marry again, the single person they pull a phony marriage upon is married without the other person being married to them. Asking to prove a phony marriage may result in revengeful wild accusations. Another purpose for pulling a phony marriage may have been to make marriage look like exterior control abuse making doing right look like the result of exterior control abuse and doing wrong looking better than wrongful abuse to change wrong to right making doing wrong look justified. Revenge upon people who do not believe in harming people or doing revenge is harming without being harmed back. Pulling a phony marriage upon descendants of Abraham because Abraham's Grandson Jacob had two wives, Rachel and Leah, for revenge upon plural marriage is upon people of a different time and different circumstances. When Raphael said it was a fact that he hated his mother I did not know he belonged to a group of motherhood hater mental health profiteers seeking power. Not being judge-mental because one sees their own wrong doing does not mean people are judge-mental because they are innocent. Having knowledge in behavior management, a husband does not need to be so afraid of behavior he keeps his wife in bed every day by placing his fingers on her pressure points while she sleeps or if caught sprinkles dehydrated rattle snake venom on her bed sheets. Communism and religion do not mix. Democracy elderly care is good for the people. Let's lead and provide. Discipline discipl(in)e , meaning disciple of, is being positively engaged in enriching activities. Mary the mother of Baby Jesus was artificially inseminated other babies of artificial insemination not being alone. 

This script is sent to you without request for purse. Anyone asking for purse may be fueling wrong behavior. Raising the market may attract the notice of wrong human development profiteers placing themselves in your hands the hands of professional adaptation rather than you in theirs for a living. Anyone calling saying they represent me, it is not true but representatives of the records switchers seeking financing for highly expensive constant moral physical financial and spiritual abuse to drive workers to live in elderly service. Warnings have turned to promises of physical abuse to support the medical profession living on taxes to support communism and to support people needing money to pay the medical profession by working for communists, slander and slave, being slandered and abused out of other work, and turned to spiritual dictating by suspected threat of abuse to back-seat drive people's lives . Feel free to generate upon any of my work. Do give all sources credit. Permission to Copy, Publish, and Broadcast. 

Where there abused bodies medical profiteers in the Donner Party resulting in the Donner Party being trapped at Donner Summit? Please check the descendants of the Donner Party that settled below the snow line in California. How are they profitting? The related extended family members of military psychiatrist Dr. Hamm and his former wife of Woodside Way Auburn California have given and plan to give me the business following me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings evil spiriting harm. One can tell a cheating spirit because it will disagree with the text book. The related family members of their friend Mr. Cook were there too. If one says to a suspected spiritual dictator who would not be sitting there watching them working in a place of productivity other than they knew the worker would be there that perhaps he does not like strangers telling him what to do so he can see how others do not like strangers telling them what to do the dictator may dictate he was talked to for someone to say this and dictate the person is not allowed to talk to people. Another person following the worker to the place of productivity and conducting a booming conversation with someone equally not working may complain he was talked to when the worker suggests another place to carry on loud conversations. Are they giving others the business also? Did they bring with them the person who was angry at people in eastern USA. Did the military follow me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings spiritually dictating, robbing my time, and leaving signs of physical abuse? Did descendents of the Donner Party follow me by military transport? The military is over twenty percent of the nation's pollution. Early in the 1980's Susan Sweet said, "In 1984 the pigs will take over the world." Susan Sweet also said, "I love to hate." I did not know what she meant. In 1984 calling to make an order with the food co-op Susan started I told her I had helped my nieces and nephews move to the city of Vacaville California where their father could be closer to work instead of continuing to make a long commute. I also told her we had gone to family fishing day at Folsom Lake. Since I had been placed in the care of a sick abusive person as a child I told Susan I had made sure my children were in good care and others might be advised to be sure of the same. Did Susan Sweet override my caution? Did Susan cause the pigs to take over the world? The imposter may be a pig. No one will believe or knows how to address a military pilot formerly of closed Mather Air Force Base who is angry Democracy closed his base down and has abused me for the last ten years by military power because my profession is good human development which results in Democracy is the real Terrorist and succeeded in terror bringing in war profits to support him and his life style and others who live his life style but please prevent him from further acts of terror. I have been abused and if I am abused by him for his profits and others who join him for profits who else are they abusing military war games not needing to play both sides having real Democracy to play spiritual and physical war upon? Please disconnect power of the military over the labor force to reveal exterior supported phony appearances supporting exterior supported phony appearances. I have been followed by wrong human development profiteers. Please protect me and others from abuse and terror by war profiteers. Their acts of terror really did result in war. How much more terror to bring in war profits does he need? The military living on communism instead of being successful fighting communism, they will live on terror instead of being successful fighting terror giving the appearance of fighting terror to cause terror. Please protect the nations in the future from terror to stur up war thus causing loss of man power which causes communism which supports militaries. Were the terrorists seduced by the dark side? Is immorality nothing more than wanting attention, attention being mistaken for love and having needs met? While walking past Dr. Hamm's house on my way to college when his second son walked up to me and said he had touched everyone and everything in a marital way and everyone else was doing it also so would I do it with him I was naive to think people could stop him since they would not want him to touch him. I said I heard touching a frog gives warts. He also said his father knows the only reason people are nice is because they have alterior motives. He said marriage was only selfish female security. Did he think by his extended related family members pulling phony marriage to destroy marriage that then people would want to touch him? Touching everyone and everything in a marital way or wrongful abuse to change wrong to right may be the only two options they see for themselves 

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Unapproved Reader Submissions
Headline: Scientific Laws in Human Development
Subheadline:  
Author: researcherjanet@yahoo.com
&nbsp;
Latest Edition, Scientific Laws in Human Development. 

Developing Skills in Productive Fields of Interest. 

Do you give positive attention while one is being good? According to Doctor Fitzhough Dodson some learned the only way to receive attention was through inappropriate behavior. As long as one was good one may have been ignored. Some who ignored others when they were good may have felt compelled to give instant focused attention for inappropriate behavior. Misbehavior was therefore attention. Misbehavior became a social life. The person thought the behavior was who they were. Others believed the behavior was who the person was also. The behavior received attention from some in the environment and allied forces producing further teasing for social recognition. While wasting productive time other needs failed to be met causing the need to feed off productive forces. Changing who one became depends upon the process. In the past some thought dictated undesirableness would stop unwanted actions. Authoritarians did not know punishment, which is a behavior recognizer, fools by temporarily suppressing behavior while at the same time giving social and self-recognition causing the behavior to repeat. Punishment is both given and received. Punished behavior repeats acquiring neither goodness or obedience. Recognizing the difference between the behavior and the individual do give the individual attention. Doctor Dodson suggests easily gently distracting offering attention in a new direction redirecting the individual to fun learning activities that let the individual know they are valuable and people care their time is spent valuably, that meet needs, and that lead to productive behavior while applying Extinction Technique by giving zero attention to behaviors one does not wish to be repeated. Recognized productive behavior becomes repeated productive behavior. Generative productive personalities develop. Children's productive behavior is the right to have their educational needs met and be actively engaged in the educational process. Scientific studies by recorded observation of behavior under precise behavior recognition conditions produced the results: Recognized behavior repeats, or to quote the results, "Recognized behavior is repeated behavior." as stated in How to Parent, the beginning of the book saying it is written to mothers, by Doctor Fitzhough Dodson which I read July 1974 and applied. Dr. Dodson also wrote How to Grandparent and How to Father. These scientific facts may not have been available to others and you before so forgive others and yourself for the unchangeable past punishment can not change and focus upon life's qualities being specific and investigative. Make a future. Quoting a homes and gardens magazine, "The best way to quit a bad habit is to substitute it with a good habit." 

Providing fun safe multiple-choice learning experiences for expression in individuality in an environment which is safe to function within develops interest in learning while continual watching and providing for interests extends and expands learning. Extended expanded play learning is Emergent Curriculum in the Early Childhood Education Field. During play children learn to use symbols, written sign verbal pictorial musical constructive language, to communicate. The book One Hundred Languages of Children by Carolyn Edwards is the story of Italy's child development Reggio Emilia Schools. Learning projects at Reggio Emilia are self-discovery projects. The children are free to think through how to construct and measure in their own way. During play the children test their theories. Chapter nine is the true story of a small group of children who draw a life scale dinosaur. The children found a place in the schoolyard large enough to draw a dinosaur. The school provided for the children's access many measuring sticks, 'Rods', for laying side by side showing the precise height and length of the dinosaur. The school spared no rods. The children learned measuring skills used in building societies. The King's foot measurement divided into one dozen makes twelve inches. Cubit rods measure cubits. During projects the teachers engage the children in conversation. Children are inspired to inquisitiveness as a result of the teacher's provocative questions. Projects are displayed at community gatherings giving each child a sense of community. Community observers give recognition of correct principles applied to create each project. Rods used in child education to show quantities are Quizenairy Rods. Each uniform section on the rod is displayed by color. Each consecutive rod is one unit longer. Rods make useful levers. Rods reach under and pull out items a person can not reach. A walking stick is a sturdy rod. Children attain higher principles. 

Two principles of early childhood education are each classroom has three times as many positive free choice learning activities as the number of children and children are free to ask for their needs. Parent participation preschool in my neighborhood had free choice parent directed learning centers with one parent center for every five children. One parent participated one day a week for each child. Increasing good human development bonds neighborhood families and peers and efficiently creates a four day labor week and one family and community day. Quoting Doctor Fitzhough Dodson, "What is the ultimate goal we are working toward in the training of our children? If we reflect deeply on this question, most of us would say that our ultimate goal is to produce an adult who has learned self-regulation, who has learned to exercise his freedom in a responsible way." "A baby's wants are a baby's needs." "Mother is a baby's first social life." "The learner must be in condition to learn." "Give your child a positive model of what he should do." Mother and Father set an example as learning discovery information gatherers. Family members share learning experiences providing all education attention. A baby wants a social skill development learning day. Infancy is the optimum time to learn social skills thus developing social infants. Social infants tend to have their needs met according to scientific studies by recorded observation. People respond to social infants. (The Developing Person by Kathleen Stassen Berger) 

Doctor Fitzhough Dodson believes basic honesty is learned through the appropriate meeting of honest needs as in when one is honestly sleepy and honestly hungry. Messages by the blood stream requesting energy are honest biological messages. Baby's respect for personal property is gained by experiencing having personal property others respect. Children who see material thing meeting people's needs connect material things with meeting needs. My coat meets my needs and your coat meets your needs. Children who have their needs met are not busy doing that which is undesirable. Providing places for children to place their needs assures children their material needs are ready and waiting for them when needed. Baby sees others meeting needs and matures into the desire to meet needs also. Respect includes the owner's personal power over decisions to share including consideration and respect to the givers of gifts. When the choice is theirs to make children enjoy sharing. All children need their needs met at all times. (We do also.) 

My self-regulating infants slept when their bodies needed sleep. Since my infants had interesting active days they slept well at night. During the day they were free to nap. Toddlers wake up hungry for Break/Fast after early A.M. sleeping. Meals and snacks follow naturally. Studies show when a healthy variety of foods are placed upon the table in serving bowls family style children always choose a balanced diet. There are so many healthy choices in the variety of all good foods no one need ever take what one does not like. By choice I have developed a taste for sauerkraut. By experience sauerkraut was a food I had never heard of until junior high. My daughter in her highchair while I was feeding her Campbell's Vegetable Beef Soup ejected every pea. In two months she was eating peas with pleasure. Is it possible she was eating peas with pleasure because I did not force her to eat them? My personal choice of entertainment, reading, and activities being ecological non-fiction I saw the need to educate my children in the difference between non-fiction and fiction the first time they were exposed to fiction entertainment. 

Since I could only clean wherever I was at wherever I was at was clean. Stepping out of bed the covers went up, dressing one item in the bath was cleaned, walking down the hall the beds were made, and rising up from breakfast the dishes were washed and kitchen cleaned. After relaxing in the afternoon the floors were done. The work was always already done. When I spent my time with the children the house stayed clean. We were actively involved in fun discovery and skill building. Education by experience was direct attentive communication by personal attention or wonderful education filled classroom lectures like circle time and college classes, sing along language skill development, learning projects, free choice positive learning experiences, reading good books, and playground social skills development health education. Reggio Emilia's idea of education also includes community and family social dining. Living the Scientific Laws of Human Development meant we could dine with the results of royalty having our typical lunch experience. I reply, "In 'government for the people, by the people, and of the people' everyone is royalty." Art and spatial relationships classes at college taught me principles of construction, space, design, and perception for skills in creativity. All these principles are repeatable science. The classes are fun. I loved my college classes and believe college has great value. While holding my small baby in my arms I thought of his future. I decided to give him opportunities to learn how to think by enriching his young life with daily valuable opportunities for learning. Personal knowledge would qualify him to choose how to care for people and the earth. Intelligence is applying one's profession to meeting the needs of the people. Raising him filled with the intelligence to know how to choose to apply professional services to serve others the best was my goal. Family fusion, productive energy resulting from family unity, bonds families. Extinct family fission, energy released as a result of family division. People experiencing having their needs met because families are united gains support for united families. 

Education is the power to direct one's own life. Self-regulating productive play educated persons develop into productive citizens. The process of meeting needs, which used to be called work, is now Playing Productively. Self-Governing peoples form a democracy. Democracy Occurs. World Democracy is National Defense. Peaceful nations is National Defense. National defense is Peaceful World Democracy. We have inherited the great gift of freedom and liberty. Preservation of freedom and liberty assures our future and the future of all. We are the light of Democracy before the world. 

Good human development brings freedom and liberty. Wrong human development is loss of liberty. One survival cure used in the past in distant places for rebellious reaction to being told what not to do was living in silence. One may feel rejected when one does not know they are in an environment where silence is being practiced. Whether silence is a cure or just preferred now that I know when others prefer silence because their personal selection of quality living is in the reading material they have chosen to add value to the moment I can join them with adding quality to the moment with my own chosen selection of valuable written material. When the mind is filled others enjoy words of value. People travel great distances to listen to learned people talk. Clean living peoples enhance our earth's vitality restoring and nurturing a clean planet. Homes, where good human development develops clean living citizens whose behavior does not need restricting by high energy prices, bring progress toward alternative energy. Workers in oil producing nations are learning skills to advance their nation into higher skilled higher paid services. Citizen's playing productively needs will be met. Good behavior raises the market. The market out competes gas and oil for a profit. Here is the way. The work is ahead. Please keep market coolness, pay everything, and profit take. Please prevent jumping the market causing an investor to interfere with work and mail to buy in low for the next ride up. Scientific advancements in Human Development raise the market every day. There are many stock markets in the world. 

Good human development develops self-controlled functioning upon knowledge. Wrong human development is exterior dictating resulting in the need for exterior support. To make a living on wrong human development there must be a drawing a circle around a person of exterior controlled what not to dos. The wrong human developers expect enforcers, as themselves, to be paid enforcing what not to dos. The person with the circle of what not to dos drawn around them becomes a slave of doing what not to dos for attention. Everyone becomes a slave to support what not to dos. For those trapped in outdated professions while crying for the world to continue earning a living on wrong human development they or others sometimes convince people good human development and wrong human development are reversed. One solution is new careers in helping office, field, and home-based professions adapt to people's true needs. A word of wisdom, "Avoid the appearance of evil." since punish-mental persons seeing opportunities of evil may believe someone needs controlling. 

A point on top of the ear indicated holding onto the top of the ear behavior management but they grew up to be men with a great deal of power. In the story of Brer Bear, and Brer Fox, and Brer Rabbit, Brer Rabbit was stuck in the tar baby. Brer Bear and Brer Fox were thinking of what to do with Brer Rabbit since they had made the tar baby to catch Brer Rabbit. Brer Rabbit said, "Please, don't throw me in the briar patch." Brer Bear and Brer Fox threw Brer Rabbit in the briar patch. Brer Rabbit jumped up and down and said, "I told you not to throw me in the briar patch. The Briar Patch is my home." A caught con wants the protection of thick walls where all his needs are met for the length of time society will be angry. Where does a con not want you to throw him? Society wants to be free from the con not knowing how to meet his needs appropriately. Everyone is happy so the process is not punishment other than being with everyone else society is angry at however a con is in joint company while innocent persons are not but does it develop people into meeting needs appropriately? 

Good behavior develops mentally and physically healthy people. Doctors and nurses earn a living being leaders in mental and physical health and curing those who profit by wrong human development and communism since what they made a living on is outdated prehuman development. Your health, not your unhealth, will be rewarding to the Doctor and nurse. The Doctor and nurse need you as well as you needing them so once you are healthy do remember the entire medical profession and all supporting fields still need to make a living. It is your turn to make them feel loved. Freeing people from past captivities is worthy employment. Hiring a lawyer with success in accomplishing right gives co-security for the right since you have the right to offer the lawyer while the other might have the wrong to offer. Lawyers help the balance in society of rebelliousness counteracting obeying a dictator the amount of rebelliousness in society being equal to the amount of dictating. Being caught in the trap is not necessary for those who do not practice dictating or being dictated unto. Many successful companies have their own insurance department. Intelligence adds value to the environment and the economy. Developed productive persons may be taught through fables defense against obedient enslavement to exterior commands and orders by punished no-self-control requesting the exterior control they were raised upon manipulators and their motives to gain go power by feeding untruth for others to function upon believing others are wrong to be so naive. Wrongdoing does not feed itself. If something needs exterior support is there wrong doing which must be feed by exterior support? Exterior support causes pollution. Productivity is fun. People who tell you what not to do may be rebellious themselves and while you are not picking up your baby and holding your baby their not picking up their baby and holding their baby is imagination. I listened to my baby and let such advice sail off in the wind. With the help of carriers and snuggles holders my baby was always with me. My baby was so positively directed active holding him became treasured moments. Clean safe places for the crawler to explore while being carefully watched develops the brain and body. Goal focusing keeps Toddlers going in a positive direction. Climbing is a toddler stage that can be easily provided for by many happy moments of climbing up and sliding down. Children's physical activity educates the brain in how fast the body is growing helping develop coordination the brain appreciating the goodness physical activity gives to the body. The arms growing longer than the brain knows results in a glass of milk being pushed over before the hand can clasp the glass. Cups with handles are useful during growth spurts. Raising the level of average is how to get ahead without leaving others behind. The best human developers served in many lands accomplishing goal oriented human development around the world. Human development knowledge is catching up with world progress. We know behavior that supports life. 

Man are meadow makers when "The more edge the better around a meadow for the wildlife to go in and out of the forest safely to graze on grass the sunlight can reach." Rule changes rectangle clear cuts from ugly useless patches to useful functions within the forests providing meadows. Grazing causes Native American grasses to thrive. 

The Land of Milk and Honey (Bible) which is now desert with intelligent planning again returns to Lands of Milk and Honey. Shawna my American River Biology Teacher said, "Deserts repel rain, and trees and plants attract rain." Deserts, I believe are not natural earth habitats but man made literal ruins from ancient civilizations. Where deserts are today were man's natural places upon the earth were man fit into the ecosystem. Planting one tree in the middle will not turn deserts back into Milk and Honey Lands but Suburban and Urban Forests (Magazine Urban Forests) begin around the rim and grow inward. Soil is a mixture of sand, clay, and humus. Many deserts already have the sand. Lizards make good pets and adapt to nature centers. Ground burrowers aerate and fertilize soil, and build underground rivers allowing rainwater to absorb rather than striking the top of hard unpenetrable ground carrying off topsoil. Quality feeding ground burrowers is a valuable contribution to nature. Before deserts repelled moisture causing it to rain on Noah's mountain and flood down into the valley mists watered the earth at night. Melting snow mist crystals flow into streams. Man has advanced his knowledge of caring for the earth. More permanent roads may not be needed since we will be free to have alternative air transport, most populations live along waterways, and home life will be enjoyable and productive. My high school Biology teacher taught our class about wind factors. When one is driving 55 miles an hour in still air a 55 mile an hour wind is blowing on the front of the car. Capturing the wind in wind tunnels containing many small whirling pinwheels keeps electricity going to the battery of an electric car, boat, or airplane. Extending the length of the vehicle the wind tunnels leave clean air in back. My children being positively directed I was never afraid of their being perpetual motion. Being free to move as a result of their good behavior they enjoyed still activities. 

Science is all known measurable or related truths and newly revealed truths in the search for truth. The eighth edition of Science and Technology McGraw-Hill Encyclopedia defines science as, "The study of nature and natural phenomena." Scientists categorize truth and those categories are called sciences. The first sentence of many books is "This is the science of . . ." The rule of science is, "All science is Repeatable." For newly discovered results to be presented as science to the scientific community a scientist must establish a written formula with written step just like a construction plan producing the same results every time just like a construction plan. Scientists have taken all possible combinations of chemical reactions and discovered life does not come from non-life by chemical reactions therefore we do know it is not possible to begin life by any combination of chemical reactions. Scientists can write a formula with all possible combinations of chemical reaction and the results. The formula will always obtain repeatable results of the combination of all possible chemical reactions. Those results are science. Scientists can write a formula with repeatable results that sustain life. We are the receivers of all accumulated knowledge throughout history of how to sustain life. Knowledge keeps developing. We do know time is infinite. Time always was. Was there time without life? Life always was. Life forms complement each other. If your house is clean you are the life form in the house. If your house needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as ants. If your yard is clean you are the life form in the yard. If your yard needs cleaning nature will add life forms such as flies. If you are clean and flies come to your picnic they are just the neighbor's yard cleaners. An old American Indian proverb is life is growing short if one sees an owl face to face. Owls feed on mice cleaners. If the environment supports survival of long winged owls long winged owls will be surviving parents for the next generation. Rotting behavior is not life. Some rotting behavior may believe it can live if people are dirtied and more people are convinced to find a way for rotting behavior to live. The earth is our home. Maintaining our home and our life is our responsibility. Man keeps advancing his knowledge of how to sustain life. I am greatful to all my ancestors for developing the science of sustaining life. The whole natural foods of the earth complement the needs of our body. Scientists use tools called theories in their search for truth. A theory is the question, "Could this be true?" Theories are questions used in the search for answers. 

The children of Jacob felt unloved by others while others were loving the things man made more than they loved Jacob's children. Jacob's children called this love for things man made when the love was greater than love for them the love of idols which they considered a great wrong. Children who feel material things man made are loved more than them begin to destroy idols and their creators as fortold. 

For bad guys going good protection from old associates still expecting bad guy cooperation may be acquired in the future by teamwork in going good anonymous. All a guy needs to say to his old associates is he is a member of going good anonymous and he is free of expectations of being bad and free to be good for a living. Providee positive effect on provider ability to provide may result in possible continued providee provider relationship. 

Families are the soil where people are developed into good students. I did what my mother said because I cared about her. I desired to do what she wanted but did not always understand what she wanted. Once when I was a preschooler she asked me to stay where I was. I did. Since I did I had. In Disney's book "Goofy" Goofy was always trying to do everything by obedience and always messing it up? When he did he was told, "You should have..." He always said, "I'll do that next time." and he did. What he should have done last time never applied to what would accomplish the task the next time but he did. I believe in watching over children always while they are learning to function on their own. Addressing the subject of obedience, what are a two year old's communication skills? Doctor Dodson says "A two year old may not be able to obey the same as a six year old.", and if one is taught the only reason one does or does not do something is because someone says they might not know the other reasons and when the someone who says to or not to is not able to control there is no other reason. Inability to reason results. Inability to reason is the cause of low class. Forced obedience causes rebellion. Forced obedience and rebellion are connected not forces obedience and goodness. Rebellious may accuse any goodness as being the result of obedience. Productivity is power. Power used to support meeting needs is desirable. Power used to tell someone what to do or not do causes lack of ability to reason resulting in inability to survive without exterior support. Inability to reason is given less power in society by giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment causing a division between the classes to determine professions. With less power to tell people what to do or not to do what crossing over their circle of what not to dos deceptive ways are used to gain power to tell people what to do or not to do? How many people do they want power over? What powers have been and are being captured to tell people what to and not to do? The records switching project where the records of the good students were switched with the records of the poor students to see how the teachers grade the following years will be used to learn from to apply objective grading rather than fission families. I was one of those students my report card for the three quarters of the school year after Marysville flooded being filled in with undesirable marks while I was unable to attend school the Yuba City school and schools in the area taking in all the children they could but my birthday being at the end of the year I was low priority. I received an A in Behavior Observations and know how to write objective reports. When in grade school the teacher graded upon number of answers right the grades I was switched with became 100% with dependability. A tall Norseman who I once worked with told me a good work ethic is to maintain a crew work pace working steadily rather than fast. 

The Scientific Laws of Human Development have success at teaching obedience because the obedience teaching is kindly but the results is success in acquiring obedience when no one else is experiencing the same success. Does one want their child to be the only one everyone can get away with dictating to? Power uses discretion in what power supports. Giving obedience gives power. Obedience has been misused by exterior dictators. Dictating is weakness that must be exterior supported. Obedience causes some to fear the rise to power of exterior dictators. I myself know how to develop obedience kindly but teaching people to do what others dictate is not kind. After I had acquired obedience from my child I did not feel we needed to live by dictating. Dictating was not the means used to acquire goodness. I did not use dictating to raise my children. Dictating obedience was not necessary for our actively engaged learning together family. We were actively involved in going to the library, Sea World, the San Diego Zoo, Wild Animal Kingdom, the park, and walking around the neighborhood with the stroller. We spent all day every day playing and reading stories from Disney and the library. I naively taught my child obedience because I believed obedience was a virtue. I was successful. The results may be undesirable for both success and lack of success for a practice based upon dictating. Not needing to dictate I did not need to teach obedience which I learned when my first child was about 18 months old and being self-regulated dictating was unnecessary. The magic word, please, was always appropriate. When he was 10 months old I did not like the bars on his crib and had lowered one side pushing the crib up against a sofa which he could climb out onto and down to the end stepping down onto the floor. Being his first companion I woke the next morning with his gentle fingers raising my eye lid with the eye lashes while he looked into my eye. Kind cooperation is a virtue. Love, the first commandment, is greater than obedience. Once I realized I needed to apologize to my one year old for having taken some bad advice. I thought it may be embarrassing. Contemplating options I could repent and live right next to not being able to face the embarrassment of being wrong and having to living life by the bad advice. I will always be glad I chose to apologize to my one year old. Someone who has done wrong to me has not been able to face the embarrassment so we could live right. Perhaps others are having the same difficulty. 

I can not add obedience to repeatable science. People have intellects and act in intelligent ways. Intelligent actions are best. There is no room in anyone's positively directed educationally engaged life for forced obedience now or in the future. Sometimes others dictate because they have the impression they are right. Chin up visually doing the right thing is sometimes enough to communicate you know best. Dictators never do. Dictators make more dependence on being told what to do supporting the dictator's phony appearances. Does obedience qualify to be a theory? I prefer to teach how to manage educating dictators into supporting themselves. Prevent the appearance of needing controlling. Choosing and doing the right thing is good leadership. When my employer hired me she expected me to know what to do. I had to prepare my own lesson plans and study how to do my job. She refused to do my preparation qualifying me for each day's work. As a result of the record switching project others with the power of refusing to allow me to prepare because they expected her to tell me what to do did not let me do my job. Their idea of education is silence even for preschoolers. My employer did not think silence was education. Education prepares an employee to know how to do their job. 

While to tell others what to do or not to do may not be effective, engaging people in quality activities is effective. If we are effective with some but not all people will start wondering about a division in the classes and may do the equivalent of a record switch. Providing education to meet the needs of each student makes education fulfilling rather than giving one whole class the same assignment and grading each child on how well they completed the assignment in order to create a division between the classes to determine professions but also creating a division that keeps growing wider. A positive self-concept is everyone's need. Doctors and nurses no longer need to nurse the long line of failure causing a division between the classes used to lower into a life of mindless work. Solutions for the future do not include upside downing history in order to reverse the continually wider division between the classes. Black hats are switched with white hats their qualifications being what they know about while sometimes testing how much authority can get away with, and mental health workers thinking they already know everything anyway using their power to cheat their way through college and to abuse people believing abuse is the power to tell people what to and not to do while saying if they were treated like that they would be crazy therefore everyone is crazy having people join being crazy for profit with a social life. Having been judged in the past they defend for the future by judge-mental ness bate profits. Those who cheat call success idealistic or unrealistic and spend their lives working to teach people the way things really are. Example, "It's the nineties." Those who try very hard and do not succeed may be jealous of people who do succeed. What results from jealousy? Abusers knowing the abused does not know the source of abuse may in kind friendship advise they be paid to take revenge on others in behalf of the abused in order to disable the abuse resulting in the abusers being paid to controllingly abuse others while the abused believes the abuse is not yet disabled and the controlling abusers taking credit for their ruling the lives of others being why people who studied work productively in care and service to others. Some who want to elevate themselves out of menial labor obtain money to pay menial labor with profits on physical repair. Who did it for profit and power? Warning of danger becomes controlling by danger. Freedom is the future course of the world. 

Switching the classes is an invalid solution. The premises for high class deserving to be switched to low class are based upon high class being too high to see other people's problems, based upon the assumption of high class being the result of others being pushed down, based upon false assumptions switching finances switches sanities thus resulting in the definition of finances, based upon false accusation of high class hurting the feelings of low class by having low class manners, and based upon high class knowing not to talk to the inability to reason that people will know how it feels to have people not talk to them either thus attributing not talking to people being based upon finances rather than low class inability to reason and changing whose decision it is not to talk to people unless being paid to talk to people payment also including being bribed. Within the information era the average productive intelligence will be greater than the greatest in history. Educated people are personally qualified to determine how to earn a living meeting people's needs having their own needs and the needs of their family met in return. Our Stewards are our greatest asset in a world changing from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development. Looking at the labor force as a whole with all workers contributing to the needed labor helps show wages increase in all fields for everyone who accomplishes professional adaptation, thus contributing to the economy. The future is a new place. Faith has developed into knowledge and keeps advancing into knowledge of the laws of physics, society development, logic, and reasoning so one can appear to break the laws of physics while actually functioning upon them. Erik Erickson famous child psychologist said at the age of eighty, "Play your whole life." 

Knowing human development protects one from not knowing when one sees or experiences wrong human development. The Bible defines the adversary as "the accuser" or as my mother said, "What they say is what they are." which is the only thing they can make a living on. Accusers may slander to excuse their own behavior claiming revenge and to capture productive energy forcing choices of joining slave people to support behavior that does not support itself or be slaved. What reverse psychology is used by the con to gain being punished into what is wanted for all time as a result of being coldly rejected? How does taking a stand for the right cause an evil soul to burn and say, "You made me burn." in response to objections of being slandered and slaved? Some family members of profiteers who get their needs met by wrong doing gain wealth by sturring up trouble. Those who cry about being abused are accused of reacting which may cause someone to harm back who makes a living on what they are which is fine to them but undesirable to others because their profit system is different which they prefer. If one tells them what you are paying them so much money for will they make sure of it? If people say why workers fled and come to serve will powers of exterior support make sure of it? How are products and services sourced? The goal is developing what they are and say into earning a living. May you be productive and free. Productive Self-Governing Citizens is the goal. But the fruit of the Spirit is Love, Joy, Peace, Kindness, Goodness, Faithfulness, Gentleness, Self-Control, against such there is no law. From verse 22 of 5th Galatians. We need to develop a science of how to develop into productivity influences such as ones who plan to make a secure continual living on wrong human development and gain business by giving bad advice. I work with providers who elevate by educating and providing quality living. Hoping this information brings freedom. While researching I asked a man, "If someone hit you would you work?" He said, "Of course No." Someone who was trying to run people's lives on the basis of his thinking which was invalid reasoning said he has been doing so with everyone else's life before mine which could explain the long recession. Cries of wrong doing bring the response, "He will get his." share. Choosing your own course and sticking with your own course lets people know you choose your path in behalf of others and the earth. 

Biological feedback equipment can detect body functions and transmit discomfort causing one to buy relief eliminating brains putting dictators in power. All energy is convertible to useful energy. Redirect to honest earnings. Discourage stock in over the counter repair and profits from other repair also which may be used to cause further need of repair. Biofeedback equipment can also detect the professor's movements, steal the consciousness off the brains of the students, and lip read as it did during the draft. Not having studied a dictator's thinking has no educational foundation but is propaganda which violates the laws of logic, if-then-therefore, and the laws of reasoning, deductive and inductive, or is not supported by evidence. Example of violations of the laws of logic and reasoning: The conclusion that violates the laws of reasoning, which are stated in chapter one of plane geometry, at the end of paragraph fifty-two of the Unabomber Manifesto is based upon two violations of the laws of logic in the Unabomber Manifesto. We need national defense to support citizens earning an honest living. Combat does not prevent communism but is the cause as in China after the Boxer Rebellion and in Russia after loss of manpower after combat. America has been in a thirty year recession from which America is just coming out. The military need not feel it needs to develop people into needing to be controlled for military job security. Raphael said, "It is easy to get two people sitting next to each other fighting. Someone hits one over the back of the head. He thinks it is the other and hits the other over the head." The more one hits the other over the head the more one is hit over the back of the head because the one hit over the back of the head always thinks it is the other. Is fighting good for wrong human development profiteering businesses the business of war driving the whole world crazy for love of profit and power? Others may win at their own game drawing big powers into the conflict on their side by making the other look in the wrong. Appearing as they really are is covered to a communist who can exterior support phony appearances of innocence and peace. Yes, Communists are wrong human development profiteers, profiting from people living on their own and others' wrong human development by living on support from others. However, reverse logic is not valid logic therefore not proving all wrong human development profiteers to be communist but still living on wrong human development profiteering. What portion of our taxes support wrong human development profiteering? Pet control may be used to convert people to support wrong human development profiteering. What defense does an innocent pet made to look in the wrong have?

If the China military earned a living on world unity the China military could support world unity. If the world militaries earned a living supporting world unity the world militaries could support the China military supporting world unity. Would a military government leader maintain power by sturring up trouble with other military forces in the world? Some military personnel have been using military power to cross over their circle of past exterior controlled what not to dos for the purpose of being supported to dictate. World wrong human development is world military dictatorship. 

As a result of events in biblical recorded history, "And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our sister be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them." we have many keepers of the gate. To quote a keeper of the gate, " I was just trying to turn you into a keeper of the gate." adding the explanation heaven needed a gate keeper. Gate keepers, co-dependent upon wrong human development, how many gate keepers do we need? One wrong human development profiteer communicated he could only make a living on what he deserved.

Education is the foundation for governing, an educated citizenry being qualified to self-govern. Equipment used to bypass studying deletes qualifications to govern. One does not want one who did not study telling anyone what to do. Would military personnel gain job security, fame, and dictatorship by attacking the people while making another peoples look responsible? Does world trade decrease the business of war? Is an act of war good for the business of war? For military power and profits how easy is it to get people from the same country on airplanes? A new department of the reserves adapting military to civilian earnings needs military support by being rewarding. How was the radar over the Pentagon and on top of the world trade buildings functioning? The Doctors both physical and mental will have lots of work curing the elderly and military who profit by communism and profit by supporting the dictatorship side of a conflict as a result of people being attacked by one side of a conflict who makes the other side look like the attacker. Please contract the military to recognize and establish their own good behavior toward citizens of Democracy and developing Democracies though advancing world Democracy closes military bases. World good human development will put the military out of work. The military since their existence is the result of wrong human development may need positive directing by the government of self-governing peoples. 

We need to be managing the military and helping military personnel adapt. Emergency response has already been tried. Emergencies can be created. Peaceful border control needs to continue being in the hand of people who benefit from peace. Protection is developing others into meeting needs productively. Many meet their needs by pity and believe they are doing others a favor by meeting other's needs by pity also causing bawling for a living while coming between one and one's right to earn a living. What does, "Give'em the business." mean? National conflict changing heads of households from men to elderly will not be necessary. Communism thrives by giving bad advice. Elderly who experience their needs are met because families are divided may divide families to meet their needs. Thank you for protecting people from wrong human development advice for supporting militaries, for supporting wrong human development profiteers, for eliminating the competition for quality elderly care, and to fission families into service to them all. Is all abuse and terror good for wrong human development profiteering? Does polluting eliminate the competition? 

Thank you for educating people out of being exterior controlled to prevent too overeducated to become slaves. Elderly care by the community means elderly receive care by the good human community development they have developed and are developing. In the past elderly may have learned to have their needs met in conditions of snowballing wrong human development while these conditions were not good for the rest of society. Please redirect to Democracy Elderly Care. For continued quality elderly care society needs to be strong. Powers for exterior support will no longer count elderly as big power for dictatorship that is supported by the people's labors. The ElderlyAirChairBedBath has air chambers opening and closing over a tussah wash toilet, air chambers that rock the ElderlyAirChairBedBath back and forth like a ball, and air chambers that adjust pressure and position. Modesty is assured with body suits that open in the back accompanied by pull-over or pull-around shorts. My elderly care employer loved caring for elderly as though they were dolls in a doll house. 

Since the constitution places the people over the military not the military over the people as citizens we need to manage a military containing some air force personnel using military power and time to work in behalf of their God who they plan to come and tell everyone what to do with the help of the military the military attacking people's brains making limitations that people will loose their freedom to wrong human development profiteers helping tell people what to do also, some people being told to attack other people's brains that others can receive the same financial reward system by living on the people. Is it safe in the air? Biofeedback equipment used to steal the consciousness off people's brains leaves the population defenseless to a dictator's inability to reason, the inability to reason used as power to control to wrong. Having brains is the legal definition of life. No one wants to be a robot. For the inability to logic and reason to attempt to seduce others into joining them brains may have been attacked first. The night of the hits I dreamed one form with many faces said, "We proved we have the power to hit. Now you have to do whatever we say." If one lets them control the plane, where will it go? Since power is their goal doing what they say gives them power. Dictators have not studied. If they had they would know better. Do those who develop thieves expect to be exterior supported? Is the leader of thieves a thief? Was national defense stolen by thieves for their defense and applied to the power of thieves? When around the corner within walking distance the sermon after the attack was about how the terror attack was driving people to God and they hoped we did not need too many more of these things before people turned to God I knew the predator ate the shepherd and his wife the medical attendant was feeding on the flock abused bodies medical profiteers masterminding terror and war for a profit. The attack was holy terror dictatorship that needs to be exterior supported. Predators among the flock may jointly think it is all just a con to get people to be good, however, the flock was gathered and founded upon teachings which are good society development and good human development, therefore, people are good. As a child I was greatful to my flock and thought others were greatful to their flock as I was greatful to my mother and they were greatful to their's. I thought it was all just non-monopoly. Greed may count upon other's greed joining in. Predators among the flocks may cause wrongdoing between the flocks to destroy. Productive creative human development is heaven on earth and heaven in the future. Are they afraid to come out and work the only thing they can make a living on being to drive society crazy? A lay minister may be a wrong human development profiteer. Where was the sermon we went to hear? Dictatorship is based upon violations of the laws of intelligent thought processes. Punish-mental persons setting others up to be accused my give dictators power over workers acquiring labor to support telling peoples what to and not to do. Telling people what to and not to do does not support itself. Men who are warriors may be supported instead of supporting leaving the work to the woman and others. Raphael said, "When white man came to America they found woman doing all the work and thought they could improve on a system like that." and "Treat a tramp like a lady and treat a lady like a tramp." Raphael also said, "I hate self-righteous people." Intelligence is slandered when F grades are switched to A grades resulting in wrong thinking it is right and people saying intelligence is dangerous. The F grade thinking it is right is a dictator needing to be freed from bossing people. Good looking dictators may be used by powers of exterior support because good looking is supposed to be able to get away with bossing. An F grade may mess up thought processes with intent. Function on an education, not on what an F grade says. Education functions. The amount of punish-mental ness is equal to the amount of need for war profits. How is punish-mental ness used to fuel war? Have punish-mental people made punishment look like suicide in the past? Can punishment be made to look like suicide bombing? Does people being harmed while going after a suspect embarrass some out of going after the real guilty party? 

The King's job was to protect his kingdom. Not being naive was a requirement for his job. A king had to know his sociology. The king had to see to all the needs of his people. Being king was not a job for complacency or dictating. If being king began to look like exterior support or dictating to people in his kingdom who he allowed hunger for exterior support and dictating, exterior supported dictatorship, he lost his job and his kingdom. Some Military personnel may be trapped by unconsciousness into the only way they can have their needs met. Rasputin may have been already needing exterior physical electrical processes support. If the Czar's relatives and Czararina Alexandria had scientific knowledge we have today they may have been able to give Rasputin life and protected by adjusting exterior enforcements thus permitting plus teaching others to meet their needs productively. We may all have our own Rasputins controlling by unconsciousness who can live without personal physical energy processes better than anyone else while living for attention and be working on solutions. The more exterior what not to dos they are given the more exterior support they need. Exterior what not to dos and exterior support are attention and can be mistaken for love. At school one child punched another child in the tummy and then threw himself down kicking and screaming as if he was the one punched. Was I supposed to accuse the other person? A false prophet is one prophesying the results of their own punishing. A genius whose contribution is valuable to the world is exempt from the draft. All science is repeatable. The scientific method applied may acquire results you may publish of your own. Wrong human development profiteering may make more profits than most anyone else but takes value out of currency. 

Professional Adaptation Education from being prepared for failure to being prepared for success in human development needed. One wrong human development major minored in adaptation to good human development. Hopefully in the future there will be a law requiring alternative sources of income for wrong human development profiteers. Forever innocence investigated forever is forever pay. Professional adaptation causes less competition for people living on wrong human development. What can be done for the policeman who is mad at innocence because what will he do for money? Professional Adaptation Please. Protect your child from being turned into a wrong human development profiteer by wrong human development profiteers because your child is good. A separate interested party seeing to the future of children that does not earn a living on wrong human development is needed. 


Futurentology. 

Scientific Peace Formula. 

Quality Parenting and Teaching equals Democracy. Researcher Janet Hartwick. Thank You for GREAT SERVICE ! ! ! Thank You Minute Women and Minute Men. Intellectual Materials Copyright. My Testimony in Peace Parenting Written 1996 and Published, updated. 

Prosperity spread through many lands during a time of great depression as a result of the people being taught the teachings of their three great prophets Abraham teaching one God, Moses teaching the ten commandments, and Jesus teaching the first and second great commandments 'Thou salt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it. Thou salt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the laws of the prophets.' by Mohammad who joined a camel caravan at the age of fourteen. How easy is it for the anti-Christ to get two peoples who believe in the teachings of Jesus fighting? 


Wrong human development profiteers accusing and gaining prey by the legal process, sometimes holding court, and eating the results is cannibalism. Cannibals hate "self-righteous" people and accuse the other before being accused especially when having done something wrong. What does a cannibal call winning? What does friends and popularity mean to a cannibal? How does a cannibal play on people's good intentions? How does a cannibal play on people's obedience and duty to job? Would they choose a thief for their leader? Whose profit system is harming people? Is a cannibal in love with being crazy for profit with a social life? One person's complaint of being abused while the abuser was pointing a finger at her and calling her crazy received the response the abuser's family was in the mental health business and they could only make a living on what they were winning at what they were better than anyone else their considering her sanity a hard nut to crack. While they are inflicting people with their inability to reason, they are willing to be paid to give the cure to see things their way by forcing people to talk to the inability to reason. The opening Pandora's box look of "Let them do anything they want?" excuse for punishing indicates lack of leadership, lack of supervision, lack of providing positive choices of things to be doing, lack of providing, lack of providing and being good companionship, and lack of education in enjoying the good things in life. Does an extended related family member of mental health profiteers joining a religion and making a phony marriage unwanted by the bride who was engaged when she did not want to be as a result of hearing herself say yes against her wishes to his, "This is your last chance. Will you marry me?" with a two night honeymoon of falling asleep watching him sit in an easy chair in a dark room with the light of the T.V. facing him reflect his shape preceding fainting regularly after having the flue for over a month to come to, to see him come through the room door bare-chested holding a plunger, that was alibied with darling artificially inseminated children acquired by standing on one's head while assuming for four years he came home at night not being able to wait up till midnight for another year his not being there when she awoke during the four years and deceiving the people into opening Pandora's box to control a person out of real marriage where she learned microscopic does not always mean not seen upon sight with years of not having the flue after years of having the flue back into a phony marriage but really into twenty-four hour three hundred and sixty-five day a year live-in elderly care eliminate the competition for elderly care, Sunday the day of rest, in behalf of dictatorship? Since the person pulling the phony marriage after presenting himself as being single is already married and can not marry again, the single person they pull a phony marriage upon is married without the other person being married to them. Asking to prove a phony marriage may result in revengeful wild accusations. Another purpose for pulling a phony marriage may have been to make marriage look like exterior control abuse making doing right look like the result of exterior control abuse and doing wrong looking better than wrongful abuse to change wrong to right making doing wrong look justified. Revenge upon people who do not believe in harming people or doing revenge is harming without being harmed back. Pulling a phony marriage upon descendants of Abraham because Abraham's Grandson Jacob had two wives, Rachel and Leah, for revenge upon plural marriage is upon people of a different time and different circumstances. When Raphael said it was a fact that he hated his mother I did not know he belonged to a group of motherhood hater mental health profiteers seeking power. Not being judge-mental because one sees their own wrong doing does not mean people are judge-mental because they are innocent. Having knowledge in behavior management, a husband does not need to be so afraid of behavior he keeps his wife in bed every day by placing his fingers on her pressure points while she sleeps or if caught sprinkles dehydrated rattle snake venom on her bed sheets. Communism and religion do not mix. Democracy elderly care is good for the people. Let's lead and provide. Discipline discipl(in)e , meaning disciple of, is being positively engaged in enriching activities. Mary the mother of Baby Jesus was artificially inseminated other babies of artificial insemination not being alone. 

This script is sent to you without request for purse. Anyone asking for purse may be fueling wrong behavior. Raising the market may attract the notice of wrong human development profiteers placing themselves in your hands the hands of professional adaptation rather than you in theirs for a living. Anyone calling saying they represent me, it is not true but representatives of the records switchers seeking financing for highly expensive constant moral physical financial and spiritual abuse to drive workers to live in elderly service. Warnings have turned to promises of physical abuse to support the medical profession living on taxes to support communism and to support people needing money to pay the medical profession by working for communists, slander and slave, being slandered and abused out of other work, and turned to spiritual dictating by suspected threat of abuse to back-seat drive people's lives . Feel free to generate upon any of my work. Do give all sources credit. Permission to Copy, Publish, and Broadcast. 

Where there abused bodies medical profiteers in the Donner Party resulting in the Donner Party being trapped at Donner Summit? Please check the descendants of the Donner Party that settled below the snow line in California. How are they profitting? The related extended family members of military psychiatrist Dr. Hamm and his former wife of Woodside Way Auburn California have given and plan to give me the business following me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings evil spiriting harm. One can tell a cheating spirit because it will disagree with the text book. The related family members of their friend Mr. Cook were there too. If one says to a suspected spiritual dictator who would not be sitting there watching them working in a place of productivity other than they knew the worker would be there that perhaps he does not like strangers telling him what to do so he can see how others do not like strangers telling them what to do the dictator may dictate he was talked to for someone to say this and dictate the person is not allowed to talk to people. Another person following the worker to the place of productivity and conducting a booming conversation with someone equally not working may complain he was talked to when the worker suggests another place to carry on loud conversations. Are they giving others the business also? Did they bring with them the person who was angry at people in eastern USA. Did the military follow me to Portland, Missoula, and Billings spiritually dictating, robbing my time, and leaving signs of physical abuse? Did descendents of the Donner Party follow me by military transport? The military is over twenty percent of the nation's pollution. Early in the 1980's Susan Sweet said, "In 1984 the pigs will take over the world." Susan Sweet also said, "I love to hate." I did not know what she meant. In 1984 calling to make an order with the food co-op Susan started I told her I had helped my nieces and nephews move to the city of Vacaville California where their father could be closer to work instead of continuing to make a long commute. I also told her we had gone to family fishing day at Folsom Lake. Since I had been placed in the care of a sick abusive person as a child I told Susan I had made sure my children were in good care and others might be advised to be sure of the same. Did Susan Sweet override my caution? Did Susan cause the pigs to take over the world? The imposter may be a pig. No one will believe or knows how to address a military pilot formerly of closed Mather Air Force Base who is angry Democracy closed his base down and has abused me for the last ten years by military power because my profession is good human development which results in Democracy is the real Terrorist and succeeded in terror bringing in war profits to support him and his life style and others who live his life style but please prevent him from further acts of terror. I have been abused and if I am abused by him for his profits and others who join him for profits who else are they abusing military war games not needing to play both sides having real Democracy to play spiritual and physical war upon? Please disconnect power of the military over the labor force to reveal exterior supported phony appearances supporting exterior supported phony appearances. I have been followed by wrong human development profiteers. Please protect me and others from abuse and terror by war profiteers. Their acts of terror really did result in war. How much more terror to bring in war profits does he need? The military living on communism instead of being successful fighting communism, they will live on terror instead of being successful fighting terror giving the appearance of fighting terror to cause terror. Please protect the nations in the future from terror to stur up war thus causing loss of man power which causes communism which supports militaries. Were the terrorists seduced by the dark side? Is immorality nothing more than wanting attention, attention being mistaken for love and having needs met? While walking past Dr. Hamm's house on my way to college when his second son walked up to me and said he had touched everyone and everything in a marital way and everyone else was doing it also so would I do it with him I was naive to think people could stop him since they would not want him to touch him. I said I heard touching a frog gives warts. He also said his father knows the only reason people are nice is because they have alterior motives. He said marriage was only selfish female security. Did he think by his extended related family members pulling phony marriage to destroy marriage that then people would want to touch him? Touching everyone and everything in a marital way or wrongful abuse to change wrong to right may be the only two options they see for themselves 

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Unapproved Reader Submissions
Headline: Trying to send letter to Beacon VIA e-mail
Subheadline:  
Author: dcapo001@fiu.edu
&nbsp;
Hello my name is Derek Capo.  I would like to send in an article about two organizations that helped the ecology of south florida and another article about the benefits of investing NOW.  However, i was not able to find a link so that i can send these articles to the Beacon so that is can be published. Is there any way you can send me an e-mail address so i can e-mail the article and a picture that I have.  Thank you very much for your time and patience in reading this e-mail. 

Derek Capo

******************************************
******************************************

Section: Unapproved Reader Submissions
Headline: Money Problems - I Don't Understand
Subheadline:  
Author: seishin17@yahoo.com
&nbsp;
My name is Kristopha Hohn, a third-year student of Anthropology. My number is 305-348-9363. I'm writing in reaction to the past few articles over the months showing our money problems, but yet there are so many things I don't understand.
I work in the Controller's Office as a student assistant and I see what goes on some of the time. For instance, it seems that more people are constantly traveling. I don't understand why there needs to be so much travel this way and that, because it's been seeming to me more and more that they do it to have their travel allotments be the same level next year as they are this one. They travel to show they need it. Why can't there be a "mission critical" policy in place again? Why was it ever lifted; because we are a little more monetarily secure? It would certainly make things run a little more smoothly, especially now that things are going to be even more crunched budget-wise with all of the cuts done to education. The funds could be reallocated elsewhere, like perhaps financial aid that would aid poor students like me who do their taxes honestly - unlike some other members of the student body, where some of my friends could *testify*, who have said they adjust figures on their taxes to get more financial aid - in paying the 8-12 percent extra tuition that's sure to come. Dishonesty of this calibre, I also don't understand. This tuition raise, which is sure to affect especially non-residents like both my Jamaican cousins where it's a struggle even now to attend, might even be cushioned if wiser habits existed.
Perhaps even some of the funds that instead are used to, say, even a little bit fuel our dying football program, which is certainly more international than the American version recently installed. They've had such a great history before all the budget cuts, and now they have to say good-bye in a few years because there's not enough funding to support football games.
I don't understand why our president has recently, I understand, received a raise. What is the purpose of it? Is it because there is dire financial need because of something personal or because life just became a bit more extravagant that such a raise should be "needed?" Why does life have to be extravagant, with huge houses and competition for the most things, if it really is just a simple case of that? Simplicity would certainly make budgets more balanced, especially when you can sign yourself as your own supervisor on a university budget transfer. I'd certainly like to know why he got a raise... AGAIN!
I tire of what seems to me is just blind signing of things. You want something done, sure! I'll sign for it. It doesn't matter that my department account is $50,000 in the red, but it will be made up somehow. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem likely that anything will be resolved anytime soon because we got cut millions of dollars, which ultimately extends to certain Washingtonian paraniod decisions made regarding possible wars and anti-terrorism stances.
I just don't understand.

******************************************
******************************************
